(S
(Sil
(Silen
(Silence
(Silence)
>»
>» R
>» Rut
>» Ruth:
>» Ruth: (
>» Ruth: (Na
>» Ruth: (Narr
>» Ruth: (Narrat
>» Ruth: (Narratin
>» Ruth: (Narrating)
>» Ruth: (Narrating) I
>» Ruth: (Narrating) I w
>» Ruth: (Narrating) I was
>» Ruth: (Narrating) I was a
wi
wild
wild o
wild one
wild one g
wild one gro
wild one growi
wild one growing
wild one growing u
wild one growing up.
So
Sort
wild one growing up.
Sort o
Sort of
wild one growing up.
Sort of th
Sort of the
wild one growing up.
Sort of the le
Sort of the lead
wild one growing up.
Sort of the leader
Sort of the leader o
wild one growing up.
Sort of the leader of
Sort of the leader of a
wild one growing up.
Sort of the leader of a gr
Sort of the leader of a grou
wild one growing up.
Sort of the leader of a group
Sort of the leader of a group of
gi
girl
Sort of the leader of a group of
girls
girls in
Sort of the leader of a group of
girls in t
girls in tow
Sort of the leader of a group of
girls in town.
No
Not
girls in town.
Not ex
Not exac
girls in town.
Not exactl
Not exactly
girls in town.
Not exactly go
Not exactly good
girls in town.
Not exactly good g
Not exactly good gir
girls in town.
Not exactly good girls
Not exactly good girls e
girls in town.
Not exactly good girls eit
Not exactly good girls eithe
girls in town.
Not exactly good girls either.
We
We w
Not exactly good girls either.
We wer
We were
Not exactly good girls either.
We were al
We were alwa
Not exactly good girls either.
We were always
We were always p
Not exactly good girls either.
We were always pin
We were always pinch
Not exactly good girls either.
We were always pinchin
We were always pinching
Not exactly good girls either.
We were always pinching sw
We were always pinching swee
Not exactly good girls either.
We were always pinching sweets
or
or m
We were always pinching sweets
or mag
or magaz
We were always pinching sweets
or magazin
or magazines
We were always pinching sweets
or magazines f
or magazines fro
We were always pinching sweets
or magazines from
or magazines from th
We were always pinching sweets
or magazines from the
or magazines from the co
We were always pinching sweets
or magazines from the corn
or magazines from the corner
sh
shop
or magazines from the corner
shop.
On
One
shop.
One da
One day,
shop.
One day, t
One day, the
shop.
One day, the s
One day, the sho
shop.
One day, the shop
One day, the shop ke
shop.
One day, the shop keep
One day, the shop keeper
shop.
One day, the shop keeper h
One day, the shop keeper had
ha
had
One day, the shop keeper had
had en
had enou
One day, the shop keeper had
had enough
had enough a
One day, the shop keeper had
had enough and
had enough and h
One day, the shop keeper had
had enough and he
had enough and he gr
One day, the shop keeper had
had enough and he grab
had enough and he grabbe
One day, the shop keeper had
had enough and he grabbed
had enough and he grabbed th
One day, the shop keeper had
had enough and he grabbed the
yo
youn
had enough and he grabbed the
younge
youngest
had enough and he grabbed the
youngest o
youngest of
had enough and he grabbed the
youngest of us
youngest of us b
had enough and he grabbed the
youngest of us by
youngest of us by th
had enough and he grabbed the
youngest of us by the
youngest of us by the ar
had enough and he grabbed the
youngest of us by the arm.
I
I to
youngest of us by the arm.
I told
I told e
youngest of us by the arm.
I told eve
I told every
youngest of us by the arm.
I told everyon
I told everyone
youngest of us by the arm.
I told everyone to
I told everyone to r
youngest of us by the arm.
I told everyone to run
I told everyone to run.
So
So t
I told everyone to run.
So the
So they
I told everyone to run.
So they di
So they did
I told everyone to run.
So they did an
So they did and
I told everyone to run.
So they did and me
So they did and met
I told everyone to run.
So they did and met up
So they did and met up i
I told everyone to run.
So they did and met up in
So they did and met up in th
I told everyone to run.
So they did and met up in the
ba
back
So they did and met up in the
back a
back all
So they did and met up in the
back alley
back alley.
»>
»> A
back alley.
»> Are
»> Are w
back alley.
»> Are we
»> Are we sa
back alley.
»> Are we safe
»> Are we safe?
>» Are we safe?
»>
»> W
>» Are we safe?
»> We'
»> We've
>» Are we safe?
»> We've a
»> We've add
>» Are we safe?
»> We've added
»> We've added e
>» Are we safe?
»> We've added ext
»> We've added extra
>» Are we safe?
»> We've added extra p
»> We've added extra pat
>» Are we safe?
»> We've added extra patro
»> We've added extra patrols
>» Are we safe?
»> We've added extra patrols,
>» We've added extra patrols,
ye
yes.
»>
»> I
yes.
»> Is
»> Is Au
yes.
»> Is Audr
»> Is Audrey
yes.
»> Is Audrey s
»> Is Audrey sti
yes.
»> Is Audrey still
»> Is Audrey still a
yes.
»> Is Audrey still ali
»> Is Audrey still alive
yes.
»> Is Audrey still alive?
>» Is Audrey still alive?
»>
»> O
>» Is Audrey still alive?
»> Oh,
»> Oh, y
>» Is Audrey still alive?
»> Oh, yes
»> Oh, yes,
>» Is Audrey still alive?
»> Oh, yes, Au
»> Oh, yes, Audr
>» Is Audrey still alive?
»> Oh, yes, Audrey
»> Oh, yes, Audrey's
>» Is Audrey still alive?
»> Oh, yes, Audrey's s
»> Oh, yes, Audrey's sti
>» Is Audrey still alive?
»> Oh, yes, Audrey's still
>» Oh, yes, Audrey's still
fi
figh
>» Oh, yes, Audrey's still
fighti
fighting
>» Oh, yes, Audrey's still
fighting,
fighting, st
>» Oh, yes, Audrey's still
fighting, stil
fighting, still
>» Oh, yes, Audrey's still
fighting, still fi
fighting, still figh
>» Oh, yes, Audrey's still
fighting, still fighti
fighting, still fighting
>» Oh, yes, Audrey's still
fighting, still fighting.
»>
»> W
fighting, still fighting.
»> Who
»> Who t
fighting, still fighting.
»> Who too
»> Who took
fighting, still fighting.
»> Who took Li
»> Who took Lian
fighting, still fighting.
»> Who took Liana?
>» Who took Liana?
»>
»> W
>» Who took Liana?
»> We
»> We do
>» Who took Liana?
»> We don'
»> We don't
>» Who took Liana?
»> We don't kn
»> We don't know
>» Who took Liana?
»> We don't know y
»> We don't know yet
>» Who took Liana?
»> We don't know yet.
>» We don't know yet.
Ju
Just
>» We don't know yet.
Just a
Just a g
>» We don't know yet.
Just a giv
Just a give
>» We don't know yet.
Just a give us
Just a give us a
>» We don't know yet.
Just a give us a m
Just a give us a min
>» We don't know yet.
Just a give us a minut
Just a give us a minute,
>» We don't know yet.
Just a give us a minute, w
Just a give us a minute, wil
>» We don't know yet.
Just a give us a minute, will
yo
you?
Th
The
you?
The sh
The shop
you?
The shop k
The shop kee
you?
The shop keepe
The shop keeper
you?
The shop keeper le
The shop keeper let
you?
The shop keeper let he
The shop keeper let her
you?
The shop keeper let her go
be
befo
The shop keeper let her go
before
before t
The shop keeper let her go
before too
before too l
The shop keeper let her go
before too lon
before too long,
The shop keeper let her go
before too long, b
before too long, but
The shop keeper let her go
before too long, but I
before too long, but I'l
The shop keeper let her go
before too long, but I'll
before too long, but I'll ne
The shop keeper let her go
before too long, but I'll neve
before too long, but I'll never
fo
forg
before too long, but I'll never
forget
forget t
before too long, but I'll never
forget the
forget the l
before too long, but I'll never
forget the loo
forget the look
before too long, but I'll never
forget the look in
forget the look in h
before too long, but I'll never
forget the look in her
forget the look in her e
before too long, but I'll never
forget the look in her eye
forget the look in her eye w
before too long, but I'll never
forget the look in her eye whe
forget the look in her eye when
sh
she
forget the look in her eye when
she fo
she foun
forget the look in her eye when
she found
she found us
forget the look in her eye when
she found us.
Li
Like
she found us.
Like w
Like we
she found us.
Like we be
Like we betr
she found us.
Like we betray
Like we betrayed
she found us.
Like we betrayed h
Like we betrayed her
she found us.
Like we betrayed her.
»>
»> J
Like we betrayed her.
»> Jos
»> Josie
Like we betrayed her.
»> Josie:
»> Josie: La
Like we betrayed her.
»> Josie: Layt
»> Josie: Layton
Like we betrayed her.
»> Josie: Layton,
»> Josie: Layton, di
Like we betrayed her.
»> Josie: Layton, did
»> Josie: Layton, did yo
Like we betrayed her.
»> Josie: Layton, did you
»> Josie: Layton, did you fi
Like we betrayed her.
»> Josie: Layton, did you find
>» Josie: Layton, did you find
an
anyt
>» Josie: Layton, did you find
anythi
anything
>» Josie: Layton, did you find
anything?
»>
»> T
anything?
»> The
»> The s
anything?
»> The sho
»> The shoes
anything?
»> The shoes a
»> The shoes are
anything?
»> The shoes are g
»> The shoes are gon
anything?
»> The shoes are gone.
>» The shoes are gone.
»>
»> J
>» The shoes are gone.
»> Jos
»> Josie
>» The shoes are gone.
»> Josie:
»> Josie: Wh
>» The shoes are gone.
»> Josie: What
»> Josie: What?
>» Josie: What?
»>
»> H
>» Josie: What?
»> Her
»> Her d
>» Josie: What?
»> Her dea
»> Her dead
>» Josie: What?
»> Her dead hu
»> Her dead husb
>» Josie: What?
»> Her dead husban
»> Her dead husband'
>» Josie: What?
»> Her dead husband's
»> Her dead husband's sh
>» Josie: What?
»> Her dead husband's shoe
»> Her dead husband's shoes.
>» Her dead husband's shoes.
Sh
She
>» Her dead husband's shoes.
She ke
She keep
>» Her dead husband's shoes.
She keeps
She keeps th
>» Her dead husband's shoes.
She keeps them
She keeps them i
>» Her dead husband's shoes.
She keeps them in
She keeps them in he
>» Her dead husband's shoes.
She keeps them in here
She keeps them in here,
>» Her dead husband's shoes.
She keeps them in here, bu
She keeps them in here, but
th
they
She keeps them in here, but
they'r
they're
She keeps them in here, but
they're go
they're gone
She keeps them in here, but
they're gone n
they're gone now
She keeps them in here, but
they're gone now.
Th
That
they're gone now.
That a
That and
they're gone now.
That and a
That and all
they're gone now.
That and all o
That and all of
they're gone now.
That and all of he
That and all of her
they're gone now.
That and all of her ot
That and all of her othe
they're gone now.
That and all of her other
pe
pers
That and all of her other
person
personal
That and all of her other
personal i
personal ite
That and all of her other
personal items
personal items f
That and all of her other
personal items fro
personal items from
That and all of her other
personal items from he
personal items from her
co
couc
personal items from her
couche
couchett
personal items from her
couchette.
Wh
What
couchette.
What d
What doe
couchette.
What does
What does th
couchette.
What does that
What does that t
couchette.
What does that tel
What does that tell
couchette.
What does that tell yo
What does that tell you?
»>
»> S
What does that tell you?
»> She
»> She d
What does that tell you?
»> She did
»> She didn'
What does that tell you?
»> She didn't
»> She didn't ha
What does that tell you?
»> She didn't have
»> She didn't have t
What does that tell you?
»> She didn't have tim
»> She didn't have time
What does that tell you?
»> She didn't have time to
»> She didn't have time to p
What does that tell you?
»> She didn't have time to pac
»> She didn't have time to pack?
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(D
(Dra
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(Drama
(Dramati
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
>» She didn't have time to pack?
(Dramatic instrumental music)
♪
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton!
♪
>»
>» S
>» She
>» She d
>» She did
>» She didn'
>» She didn't
>» She didn't co
>» She didn't come
>» She didn't come u
>» She didn't come up
>» She didn't come up wi
>» She didn't come up with
>» She didn't come up with t
>» She didn't come up with thi
>» She didn't come up with this
on
on t
>» She didn't come up with this
on the
on the f
>» She didn't come up with this
on the fly
on the fly.
Th
Thos
on the fly.
Those
Those so
on the fly.
Those sold
Those soldie
on the fly.
Those soldiers
Those soldiers h
on the fly.
Those soldiers hav
Those soldiers have
on the fly.
Those soldiers have be
Those soldiers have been
wa
watc
Those soldiers have been
watchi
watching
Those soldiers have been
watching u
watching us
Those soldiers have been
watching us fo
watching us for
Those soldiers have been
watching us for aw
watching us for awhi
Those soldiers have been
watching us for awhile
watching us for awhile.
Wa
Wait
watching us for awhile.
Waitin
Waiting.
watching us for awhile.
Waiting...
»>
»> W
Waiting...
»> Wha
»> What,
Waiting...
»> What, t
»> What, to
Waiting...
»> What, to ki
»> What, to kidn
Waiting...
»> What, to kidnap
»> What, to kidnap a
Waiting...
»> What, to kidnap a c
»> What, to kidnap a chi
Waiting...
»> What, to kidnap a child
»> What, to kidnap a child?
>» What, to kidnap a child?
»>
»> M
>» What, to kidnap a child?
»> Mig
»> Might
>» What, to kidnap a child?
»> Might'v
»> Might've
>» What, to kidnap a child?
»> Might've be
»> Might've been
>» What, to kidnap a child?
»> Might've been H
»> Might've been Hea
>» What, to kidnap a child?
»> Might've been Headw
»> Might've been Headwoo
>» What, to kidnap a child?
»> Might've been Headwood'
»> Might've been Headwood's
>» Might've been Headwood's
id
idea
>» Might've been Headwood's
idea.
Pa
Part
idea.
Part o
Part of
idea.
Part of a
Part of a la
idea.
Part of a larg
Part of a larger
idea.
Part of a larger p
Part of a larger pla
idea.
Part of a larger plan.
Sh
She'
Part of a larger plan.
She's
She's be
Part of a larger plan.
She's been
She's been o
Part of a larger plan.
She's been obs
She's been obses
Part of a larger plan.
She's been obsesse
She's been obsessed
Part of a larger plan.
She's been obsessed wi
She's been obsessed with
Part of a larger plan.
She's been obsessed with L
She's been obsessed with Lia
Part of a larger plan.
She's been obsessed with Liana
She's been obsessed with Liana,
si
sinc
She's been obsessed with Liana,
since
since Za
She's been obsessed with Liana,
since Zara
since Zarah
She's been obsessed with Liana,
since Zarah wa
since Zarah was
She's been obsessed with Liana,
since Zarah was pr
since Zarah was preg
She's been obsessed with Liana,
since Zarah was pregna
since Zarah was pregnant
She's been obsessed with Liana,
since Zarah was pregnant..
since Zarah was pregnant...
»>
»> B
since Zarah was pregnant...
»> But
»> But I
since Zarah was pregnant...
»> But I j
»> But I jus
since Zarah was pregnant...
»> But I just
»> But I just do
since Zarah was pregnant...
»> But I just don'
»> But I just don't
since Zarah was pregnant...
»> But I just don't se
»> But I just don't see
since Zarah was pregnant...
»> But I just don't see ho
»> But I just don't see how
since Zarah was pregnant...
»> But I just don't see how th
»> But I just don't see how this
>» But I just don't see how this
he
help
>» But I just don't see how this
helps
helps us
>» But I just don't see how this
helps us.
»>
»> I
helps us.
»> It
»> It do
helps us.
»> It does
»> It doesn'
helps us.
»> It doesn't.
>» It doesn't.
Ju
Just
>» It doesn't.
Just t
Just tel
>» It doesn't.
Just tells
Just tells m
>» It doesn't.
Just tells me
Just tells me ho
>» It doesn't.
Just tells me how
Just tells me how to
>» It doesn't.
Just tells me how to t
Just tells me how to tre
>» It doesn't.
Just tells me how to treat
Just tells me how to treat h
>» It doesn't.
Just tells me how to treat her
wh
when
Just tells me how to treat her
when I
when I f
Just tells me how to treat her
when I fin
when I find
Just tells me how to treat her
when I find he
when I find her.
Just tells me how to treat her
when I find her...
♪
>»
>» R
>» Rut
>» Ruth!
Ru
Ruth
>» Ruth!
Ruth!
We
We n
Ruth!
We nee
We need
Ruth!
We need to
We need to c
Ruth!
We need to con
We need to conve
Ruth!
We need to convene
We need to convene t
Ruth!
We need to convene the
We need to convene the c
Ruth!
We need to convene the cou
We need to convene the counc
Ruth!
We need to convene the council
as
as s
We need to convene the council
as soo
as soon
We need to convene the council
as soon as
as soon as p
We need to convene the council
as soon as pos
as soon as possi
We need to convene the council
as soon as possibl
as soon as possible.
»>
»> R
as soon as possible.
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
as soon as possible.
»> Ruth: W
»> Ruth: Wha
as soon as possible.
»> Ruth: What'
»> Ruth: What's
as soon as possible.
»> Ruth: What's ha
»> Ruth: What's happ
as soon as possible.
»> Ruth: What's happen
»> Ruth: What's happened
as soon as possible.
»> Ruth: What's happened?
>» Ruth: What's happened?
»>
»> W
>» Ruth: What's happened?
»> We'
»> We're
>» Ruth: What's happened?
»> We're g
»> We're goi
>» Ruth: What's happened?
»> We're going
»> We're going t
>» Ruth: What's happened?
»> We're going to
»> We're going to ne
>» Ruth: What's happened?
»> We're going to need
»> We're going to need t
>» Ruth: What's happened?
»> We're going to need the
>» We're going to need the
en
engi
>» We're going to need the
engine
engine.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Ale
>» Alex,
>» Alex, h
>» Alex, how
>» Alex, how l
>» Alex, how lon
>» Alex, how long
>» Alex, how long wi
>» Alex, how long will
>» Alex, how long will i
>» Alex, how long will it
>» Alex, how long will it ta
>» Alex, how long will it take
to
to u
>» Alex, how long will it take
to unh
to unhoo
>» Alex, how long will it take
to unhook
to unhook th
>» Alex, how long will it take
to unhook this
to unhook this t
>» Alex, how long will it take
to unhook this thi
to unhook this thing
>» Alex, how long will it take
to unhook this thing f
to unhook this thing fro
>» Alex, how long will it take
to unhook this thing from
to unhook this thing from th
>» Alex, how long will it take
to unhook this thing from the
gr
grid
to unhook this thing from the
grid a
grid and
to unhook this thing from the
grid and g
grid and get
to unhook this thing from the
grid and get i
grid and get it
to unhook this thing from the
grid and get it up
grid and get it up a
to unhook this thing from the
grid and get it up and
grid and get it up and r
to unhook this thing from the
grid and get it up and run
grid and get it up and runni
to unhook this thing from the
grid and get it up and running
ag
agai
grid and get it up and running
again?
»>
»> U
again?
»> Unh
»> Unhoo
again?
»> Unhook
»> Unhook wh
again?
»> Unhook what
»> Unhook what?
>» Unhook what?
»>
»> L
>» Unhook what?
»> Lay
»> Layto
>» Unhook what?
»> Layton:
»> Layton: W
>» Unhook what?
»> Layton: We'
»> Layton: We're
>» Unhook what?
»> Layton: We're g
»> Layton: We're goi
>» Unhook what?
»> Layton: We're going
»> Layton: We're going a
>» Unhook what?
»> Layton: We're going aft
»> Layton: We're going after
>» Layton: We're going after
Sn
Snow
>» Layton: We're going after
Snowpi
Snowpier
>» Layton: We're going after
Snowpierce
Snowpiercer.
It
It's
Snowpiercer.
It's m
It's my
Snowpiercer.
It's my on
It's my only
Snowpiercer.
It's my only l
It's my only lea
Snowpiercer.
It's my only lead
It's my only lead to
Snowpiercer.
It's my only lead to f
It's my only lead to fin
Snowpiercer.
It's my only lead to find
It's my only lead to find Li
Snowpiercer.
It's my only lead to find Lian
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»>
»> W
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»> Who
»> Whoa,
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»> Whoa, L
»> Whoa, Lay
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»> Whoa, Layto
»> Whoa, Layton,
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»> Whoa, Layton, I
»> Whoa, Layton, I'm
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»> Whoa, Layton, I'm s
»> Whoa, Layton, I'm sor
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»> Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry
»> Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry a
It's my only lead to find Liana.
»> Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry abo
»> Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
>» Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
Li
Lian
>» Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
Liana,
Liana, i
>» Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
Liana, it'
Liana, it's
>» Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
Liana, it's no
Liana, it's not
>» Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
Liana, it's not th
Liana, it's not that
>» Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
Liana, it's not that s
Liana, it's not that sim
>» Whoa, Layton, I'm sorry about
Liana, it's not that simpl
Liana, it's not that simple.
It
It t
Liana, it's not that simple.
It too
It took
Liana, it's not that simple.
It took me
It took me m
Liana, it's not that simple.
It took me mon
It took me month
Liana, it's not that simple.
It took me months
It took me months to
Liana, it's not that simple.
It took me months to c
It took me months to con
Liana, it's not that simple.
It took me months to conve
It took me months to convert
Liana, it's not that simple.
It took me months to convert t
It took me months to convert the
tr
trai
It took me months to convert the
train
train an
It took me months to convert the
train and
train and ge
It took me months to convert the
train and get
train and get Ne
It took me months to convert the
train and get New
train and get New Ed
It took me months to convert the
train and get New Eden
train and get New Eden r
It took me months to convert the
train and get New Eden run
train and get New Eden runni
It took me months to convert the
train and get New Eden running
train and get New Eden running.
We
We c
train and get New Eden running.
We can
We canno
train and get New Eden running.
We cannot
We cannot ju
train and get New Eden running.
We cannot just
We cannot just p
train and get New Eden running.
We cannot just pre
We cannot just press
train and get New Eden running.
We cannot just press s
We cannot just press sta
train and get New Eden running.
We cannot just press start
We cannot just press start a
train and get New Eden running.
We cannot just press start and
go
go.
»>
»> F
go.
»> For
»> For m
go.
»> For mor
»> For more
go.
»> For more re
»> For more reas
go.
»> For more reason
»> For more reasons
go.
»> For more reasons th
»> For more reasons than
go.
»> For more reasons than o
»> For more reasons than one
go.
»> For more reasons than one.
>» For more reasons than one.
»>
»> S
>» For more reasons than one.
»> Sno
»> Snowp
>» For more reasons than one.
»> Snowpie
»> Snowpierc
>» For more reasons than one.
»> Snowpiercer
»> Snowpiercer c
>» For more reasons than one.
»> Snowpiercer can
»> Snowpiercer can't
>» For more reasons than one.
»> Snowpiercer can't b
»> Snowpiercer can't be
>» For more reasons than one.
»> Snowpiercer can't be mo
»> Snowpiercer can't be more
>» Snowpiercer can't be more
th
than
>» Snowpiercer can't be more
than a
than a w
>» Snowpiercer can't be more
than a wee
than a week
>» Snowpiercer can't be more
than a week aw
than a week away
>» Snowpiercer can't be more
than a week away,
than a week away, I
>» Snowpiercer can't be more
than a week away, I ca
than a week away, I can
>» Snowpiercer can't be more
than a week away, I can fi
than a week away, I can find
th
them
than a week away, I can find
them.
I
I ju
them.
I just
I just n
them.
I just nee
I just need
them.
I just need th
I just need the
them.
I just need the en
I just need the engi
them.
I just need the engine
I just need the engine a
them.
I just need the engine and
I just need the engine and a
them.
I just need the engine and a f
I just need the engine and a few
ca
cars
I just need the engine and a few
cars--
»>
»> C
cars--
»> Can
»> Can w
cars--
»> Can we
»> Can we ju
cars--
»> Can we just
»> Can we just s
cars--
»> Can we just slo
»> Can we just slow
cars--
»> Can we just slow do
»> Can we just slow down
cars--
»> Can we just slow down a
»> Can we just slow down and
>» Can we just slow down and
ta
talk
>» Can we just slow down and
talk a
talk abo
>» Can we just slow down and
talk about
talk about t
>» Can we just slow down and
talk about thi
talk about this
>» Can we just slow down and
talk about this fo
talk about this for
>» Can we just slow down and
talk about this for a
talk about this for a mi
>» Can we just slow down and
talk about this for a minu
talk about this for a minute
>» Can we just slow down and
talk about this for a minute,
pl
plea
talk about this for a minute,
please
please?
»>
»> E
please?
»> Eve
»> Every
please?
»> Every s
»> Every sec
please?
»> Every secon
»> Every second
please?
»> Every second we
»> Every second we s
please?
»> Every second we spe
»> Every second we spend
>» Every second we spend
di
disc
>» Every second we spend
discus
discussi
>» Every second we spend
discussing
discussing i
>» Every second we spend
discussing it,
discussing it, L
>» Every second we spend
discussing it, Lia
discussing it, Liana
>» Every second we spend
discussing it, Liana g
discussing it, Liana get
>» Every second we spend
discussing it, Liana gets
fu
furt
discussing it, Liana gets
furthe
further
discussing it, Liana gets
further aw
further away
discussing it, Liana gets
further away.
»>
»> I
further away.
»> I t
»> I thi
further away.
»> I think
»> I think t
further away.
»> I think tha
»> I think that
further away.
»> I think that Ru
»> I think that Ruth
further away.
»> I think that Ruth's
»> I think that Ruth's j
further away.
»> I think that Ruth's jus
»> I think that Ruth's just
>» I think that Ruth's just
lo
look
>» I think that Ruth's just
lookin
looking
>» I think that Ruth's just
looking to
looking to d
>» I think that Ruth's just
looking to dis
looking to discu
>» I think that Ruth's just
looking to discuss
looking to discuss o
>» I think that Ruth's just
looking to discuss opt
looking to discuss optio
>» I think that Ruth's just
looking to discuss options
looking to discuss options,
La
Layt
looking to discuss options,
Layton
Layton.
»>
»> O
Layton.
»> Onl
»> Only
Layton.
»> Only th
»> Only thin
Layton.
»> Only thing
»> Only thing we
Layton.
»> Only thing we n
»> Only thing we nee
Layton.
»> Only thing we need
»> Only thing we need to
Layton.
»> Only thing we need to b
»> Only thing we need to be
>» Only thing we need to be
di
disc
>» Only thing we need to be
discus
discussi
>» Only thing we need to be
discussing
discussing i
>» Only thing we need to be
discussing is
discussing is ho
>» Only thing we need to be
discussing is how
discussing is how lo
>» Only thing we need to be
discussing is how long
discussing is how long i
>» Only thing we need to be
discussing is how long it
discussing is how long it wi
>» Only thing we need to be
discussing is how long it will
ta
take
discussing is how long it will
take t
take to
discussing is how long it will
take to ge
take to get
discussing is how long it will
take to get Bi
take to get Big
discussing is how long it will
take to get Big Al
take to get Big Alic
discussing is how long it will
take to get Big Alice
take to get Big Alice up
discussing is how long it will
take to get Big Alice up a
take to get Big Alice up and
ru
runn
take to get Big Alice up and
runnin
running
take to get Big Alice up and
running ag
running agai
take to get Big Alice up and
running again,
running again, A
take to get Big Alice up and
running again, Ale
running again, Alex.
»>
»> D
running again, Alex.
»> Do
»> Do no
running again, Alex.
»> Do not
»> Do not an
running again, Alex.
»> Do not answ
»> Do not answer
running again, Alex.
»> Do not answer t
»> Do not answer tha
running again, Alex.
»> Do not answer that
»> Do not answer that qu
running again, Alex.
»> Do not answer that ques
»> Do not answer that questi
running again, Alex.
»> Do not answer that question
»> Do not answer that question,
>» Do not answer that question,
Al
Alex
>» Do not answer that question,
Alex.
»>
»> A
Alex.
»> Ans
»> Answe
Alex.
»> Answer
»> Answer th
Alex.
»> Answer the
»> Answer the qu
Alex.
»> Answer the ques
»> Answer the questi
Alex.
»> Answer the question
»> Answer the question,
Alex.
»> Answer the question, Al
»> Answer the question, Alex
Alex.
»> Answer the question, Alex.
>» Answer the question, Alex.
»>
»> T
>» Answer the question, Alex.
»> Thi
»> This
>» Answer the question, Alex.
»> This en
»> This engi
>» Answer the question, Alex.
»> This engine
»> This engine i
>» Answer the question, Alex.
»> This engine is
»> This engine is no
>» Answer the question, Alex.
»> This engine is not
»> This engine is not go
>» Answer the question, Alex.
»> This engine is not goin
»> This engine is not going
>» This engine is not going
an
anyw
>» This engine is not going
anywhe
anywhere
>» This engine is not going
anywhere u
anywhere unt
>» This engine is not going
anywhere until
anywhere until w
>» This engine is not going
anywhere until we
anywhere until we di
>» This engine is not going
anywhere until we disc
anywhere until we discus
>» This engine is not going
anywhere until we discuss
anywhere until we discuss th
>» This engine is not going
anywhere until we discuss this
as
as a
anywhere until we discuss this
as a c
as a cou
anywhere until we discuss this
as a counc
as a council
anywhere until we discuss this
as a council.
Th
Ther
as a council.
There'
There's
as a council.
There's no
There's no u
as a council.
There's no uni
There's no unila
as a council.
There's no unilate
There's no unilatera
as a council.
There's no unilateral
de
deci
There's no unilateral
decisi
decision
There's no unilateral
decisions
decisions be
There's no unilateral
decisions bein
decisions being
There's no unilateral
decisions being ma
decisions being made
There's no unilateral
decisions being made.
(F
(Foo
decisions being made.
(Foots
(Footste
decisions being made.
(Footsteps
(Footsteps)
Th
This
(Footsteps)
This i
This is
(Footsteps)
This is no
This is not
(Footsteps)
This is not th
This is not the
(Footsteps)
This is not the de
This is not the demo
(Footsteps)
This is not the democr
This is not the democrac
(Footsteps)
This is not the democracy
This is not the democracy yo
(Footsteps)
This is not the democracy you
fo
foug
This is not the democracy you
fought
fought f
This is not the democracy you
fought for
fought for!
»>
»> L
fought for!
»> Lay
»> Layto
fought for!
»> Layton!
>» Layton!
»>
»> R
>» Layton!
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
>» Layton!
»> Ruth: I
»> Ruth: I n
>» Layton!
»> Ruth: I nev
»> Ruth: I never
>» Layton!
»> Ruth: I never w
»> Ruth: I never wan
>» Layton!
»> Ruth: I never wante
»> Ruth: I never wanted
>» Layton!
»> Ruth: I never wanted an
»> Ruth: I never wanted anyo
>» Layton!
»> Ruth: I never wanted anyone
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to
to l
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to loo
to look
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to look at
to look at m
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to look at me
to look at me li
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to look at me like
to look at me like t
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to look at me like tha
to look at me like that
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to look at me like that ag
to look at me like that agai
>» Ruth: I never wanted anyone
to look at me like that again,
bu
but
to look at me like that again,
but it
but it m
to look at me like that again,
but it may
but it may b
to look at me like that again,
but it may be
but it may be th
to look at me like that again,
but it may be the
but it may be the pr
to look at me like that again,
but it may be the pric
but it may be the price
to look at me like that again,
but it may be the price I'
but it may be the price I'll
ha
have
but it may be the price I'll
have t
have to
but it may be the price I'll
have to pa
have to pay
but it may be the price I'll
have to pay fo
have to pay for
but it may be the price I'll
have to pay for pr
have to pay for prot
but it may be the price I'll
have to pay for protec
have to pay for protecti
but it may be the price I'll
have to pay for protecting
have to pay for protecting t
but it may be the price I'll
have to pay for protecting thi
have to pay for protecting this
po
pock
have to pay for protecting this
pocket
pocket o
have to pay for protecting this
pocket of
pocket of hu
have to pay for protecting this
pocket of huma
pocket of humani
have to pay for protecting this
pocket of humanity
pocket of humanity w
have to pay for protecting this
pocket of humanity we
pocket of humanity we ca
have to pay for protecting this
pocket of humanity we call
pocket of humanity we call N
have to pay for protecting this
pocket of humanity we call New
Ed
Eden
pocket of humanity we call New
Eden.
471 so
471 soul
Eden.
471 souls
471 souls st
Eden.
471 souls stro
471 souls strong
Eden.
471 souls strong.
♪
(E
(Eng
(Engin
(Engine
(Engine ru
(Engine rumb
(Engine rumbli
(Engine rumbling
(Engine rumbling)
>»
>» B
>» Boo
>» Boo!
Wa
Wake
Wakey,
Wakey, w
Wakey, wak
Wakey, wakey
Wakey, wakey.
(T
(Thu
(Thudd
(Thuddin
(Thudding)
♪
Ti
Time
Time's
Time's u
Time's up.
(T
(Thu
(Thudd
(Thuddin
(Thudding)
(G
(Gru
(Grunt
(Gruntin
(Grunting)
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You'r
>» You're
>» You're ta
>» You're taki
>» You're taking
>» You're taking m
>» You're taking my
>» You're taking my sp
>» You're taking my spot
>» You're taking my spot?
>»
>» C
>» Com
>» Come
>» Come on
>» Come on.
(G
(Gru
(Grunt
(Gruntin
(Grunting)
♪
>»
>» P
>» Pic
>» Pick
>» Pick th
>» Pick that
>» Pick that u
>» Pick that up!
>»
>» C
>» Com
>» Come
>» Come on
>» Come on,
>» Come on, ge
>» Come on, get
>» Come on, get go
>» Come on, get goin
>» Come on, get going!
Mo
Move
Move!
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You l
>» You lis
>» You liste
>» You listeni
>» You listening
>» You listening t
>» You listening to
>» You listening to me
>» You listening to me?
>»
>» H
>» Hey
>» Hey!
>»
>» S
>» Sto
>» Stop
>» Stop th
>» Stop the
>» Stop the ch
>» Stop the chat
>» Stop the chatte
>» Stop the chatter!
>»
>» H
>» Hey
>» Hey,
>» Hey, lo
>» Hey, look
>» Hey, look a
>» Hey, look aft
>» Hey, look after
>» Hey, look after t
>» Hey, look after thi
>» Hey, look after this
>» Hey, look after this fo
>» Hey, look after this for
>» Hey, look after this for a
se
sec.
♪
Th
They
They p
They put
They put y
They put you
They put you i
They put you in
They put you in a
They put you in a bo
They put you in a box?
♪
Th
They
They t
They tor
They tortu
They torture
They tortured
They tortured yo
They tortured you?
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wor
>» Worry
>» Worry a
>» Worry abo
>» Worry about
>» Worry about A
>» Worry about Aud
>» Worry about Audre
>» Worry about Audrey.
>»
>» A
>» Aud
>» Audre
>» Audrey'
>» Audrey's
>» Audrey's a
>» Audrey's a su
>» Audrey's a surv
>» Audrey's a surviv
>» Audrey's a survivor
>» Audrey's a survivor.
We
We g
We got
We got t
We got to
We got to ke
We got to keep
We got to keep t
We got to keep the
We got to keep the f
We got to keep the fai
We got to keep the faith
We got to keep the faith t
We got to keep the faith tha
We got to keep the faith that
sh
she
she ma
she made
she made i
she made it
she made it to
she made it to N
she made it to New
she made it to New E
she made it to New Ede
she made it to New Eden.
>»
>» H
>» Ha,
>» Ha, f
>» Ha, fai
>» Ha, faith
>» Ha, faith.
Go
Got
Got ne
Got news
Got news f
Got news for
Got news for y
Got news for you
Got news for you,
Got news for you, Be
Got news for you, Benn
Got news for you, Bennet
Got news for you, Bennett.
No
No o
No one
No one f
No one fro
No one from
No one from up
No one from up h
No one from up hig
No one from up high
No one from up high is
No one from up high is c
No one from up high is com
No one from up high is comin
No one from up high is coming
No one from up high is coming to
sa
save
save u
save us.
Lo
Look
Look w
Look wha
Look what
Look what th
Look what the
Look what the ad
Look what the admi
Look what the admira
Look what the admiral'
Look what the admiral's
Look what the admiral's do
Look what the admiral's done
Look what the admiral's done.
No
Not
Not to
Not to t
Not to the
Not to the t
Not to the tra
Not to the train
Not to the train,
Not to the train, bu
Not to the train, but
Not to the train, but to
Not to the train, but to t
Not to the train, but to the
pe
peop
people
people.
>»
>» S
>» See
>» See,
>» See, th
>» See, the
>» See, the pr
>» See, the prob
>» See, the proble
>» See, the problem
>» See, the problem is
>» See, the problem is w
>» See, the problem is whi
>» See, the problem is while
>» See, the problem is while t
>» See, the problem is while the
ma
man'
man's
man's cr
man's craz
man's crazy,
man's crazy, t
man's crazy, the
man's crazy, the m
man's crazy, the mis
man's crazy, the missi
man's crazy, the mission
man's crazy, the mission's
man's crazy, the mission's s
man's crazy, the mission's sti
man's crazy, the mission's still
so
soun
sound.
Ne
New
New Ed
New Eden
New Eden p
New Eden pro
New Eden prove
New Eden proves
New Eden proves th
New Eden proves that
New Eden proves that.
>»
>» E
>» Eve
>» Even
>» Even if
>» Even if i
>» Even if it
>» Even if it me
>» Even if it mean
>» Even if it means
>» Even if it means tu
>» Even if it means turn
>» Even if it means turnin
>» Even if it means turning
>» Even if it means turning th
>» Even if it means turning the
tr
trai
train
train in
train into
train into a
train into a l
train into a lab
train into a labou
train into a labour
train into a labour ca
train into a labour camp
train into a labour camp?
Yo
You
You ca
You can'
You can't
You can't te
You can't tell
You can't tell m
You can't tell me
You can't tell me th
You can't tell me that
You can't tell me that w
You can't tell me that was
You can't tell me that was p
You can't tell me that was par
You can't tell me that was part
of
of M
of Mel
of Melan
of Melanie
of Melanie's
of Melanie's p
of Melanie's pla
of Melanie's plan.
>»
>» N
>» No.
>»
>» T
>» The
>» The g
>» The guy
>» The guy l
>» The guy lie
>» The guy lies.
He
He t
He tre
He treat
He treats
He treats us
He treats us l
He treats us lik
He treats us like
He treats us like sh
He treats us like shit
He treats us like shit.
He
He p
He plo
He plots
He plots w
He plots who
He plots who k
He plots who kno
He plots who knows
He plots who knows w
He plots who knows wha
He plots who knows what
He plots who knows what ag
He plots who knows what agai
He plots who knows what agains
He plots who knows what against
Ne
New
New Ed
New Eden
New Eden.
We
We h
We hav
We have
We have to
We have to t
We have to tak
We have to take
We have to take hi
We have to take him
We have to take him do
We have to take him down
We have to take him down.
>»
>» O
>» Oka
>» Okay,
>» Okay, o
>» Okay, oka
>» Okay, okay,
>» Okay, okay, T
>» Okay, okay, Til
>» Okay, okay, Till.
Ti
Till
Till,
Till, li
Till, list
Till, listen
Till, listen,
Till, listen, li
Till, listen, list
Till, listen, listen
Till, listen, listen t
Till, listen, listen to
Till, listen, listen to me
Till, listen, listen to me.
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's at
Let's at l
Let's at lea
Let's at least
Let's at least f
Let's at least fin
Let's at least find
Let's at least find ou
Let's at least find out
Let's at least find out wh
Let's at least find out what
he
he's
he's u
he's up
he's up to
he's up to,
he's up to, th
he's up to, then
he's up to, then w
he's up to, then we
he's up to, then we ta
he's up to, then we take
he's up to, then we take h
he's up to, then we take him
do
down
down.
>»
>» Y
>» Yea
>» Yeah?
>»
>» Y
>» Yea
>» Yeah.
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton:
>» Layton: I
>» Layton: It'
>» Layton: It's
>» Layton: It's no
>» Layton: It's not
>» Layton: It's not ro
>» Layton: It's not rock
>» Layton: It's not rocket
sc
scie
scienc
science,
science, I
science, I w
science, I won
science, I won't
science, I won't c
science, I won't cat
science, I won't catch
science, I won't catch t
science, I won't catch the
science, I won't catch them
wi
with
withou
without
without Bi
without Big
without Big Al
without Big Alic
without Big Alice.
>»
>» R
>» Rig
>» Right
>» Right,
>» Right, bu
>» Right, but
>» Right, but at
>» Right, but atte
>» Right, but attemp
>» Right, but attempti
>» Right, but attempting
>» Right, but attempting t
>» Right, but attempting to
st
stea
steal
steal th
steal the
steal the en
steal the engi
steal the engine
steal the engine i
steal the engine isn
steal the engine isn't
steal the engine isn't t
steal the engine isn't the
steal the engine isn't the w
steal the engine isn't the way
steal the engine isn't the way.
We
We h
We hav
We have
We have pr
We have prot
We have protoc
We have protocol
We have protocols.
>»
>» T
>» The
>» There
>» There's
>» There's p
>» There's pro
>» There's proto
>» There's protoco
>» There's protocols
>» There's protocols f
>» There's protocols for
ki
kidn
kidnap
kidnappi
kidnapping
kidnappings
kidnappings no
kidnappings now?
Do
Do y
Do you
Do you r
Do you rea
Do you reali
Do you realize
Do you realize y
Do you realize you
Do you realize you'r
Do you realize you're
Do you realize you're ma
Do you realize you're maki
Do you realize you're making
Do you realize you're making a
mo
mock
mocker
mockery
mockery of
mockery of t
mockery of the
mockery of the w
mockery of the who
mockery of the whole
mockery of the whole s
mockery of the whole sys
mockery of the whole syste
mockery of the whole system
mockery of the whole system yo
mockery of the whole system you
ju
just
just s
just set
just set u
just set up?
>»
>» T
>» Thi
>» This
>» This is
>» This is b
>» This is bul
>» This is bulls
>» This is bullshi
>» This is bullshit!
Wh
Wher
Where
Where is
Where is R
Where is Ros
Where is Rose
Where is Rose so
Where is Rose so w
Where is Rose so we
Where is Rose so we ca
Where is Rose so we can
Where is Rose so we can vo
Where is Rose so we can vote
Where is Rose so we can vote?
>»
>» W
>» Wen
>» Went
>» Went ou
>» Went out
>» Went out on
>» Went out on p
>» Went out on pat
>» Went out on patro
>» Went out on patrol.
>»
>» S
>» She
>» She w
>» She wou
>» She would
>» She would n
>» She would nev
>» She would never
>» She would never v
>» She would never vot
>» She would never vote
>» She would never vote fo
>» She would never vote for
>» She would never vote for yo
>» She would never vote for you
an
anyw
anyway
anyway!
>»
>» G
>» Guy
>» Guys,
>» Guys, w
>» Guys, we'
>» Guys, we're
>» Guys, we're a
>» Guys, we're all
>» Guys, we're all f
>» Guys, we're all fri
>» Guys, we're all frien
>» Guys, we're all friends
>» Guys, we're all friends h
>» Guys, we're all friends her
>» Guys, we're all friends here.
Ca
Can
Can we
Can we j
Can we jus
Can we just
Can we just st
Can we just star
Can we just start
Can we just start ac
Can we just start acti
Can we just start acting
Can we just start acting l
Can we just start acting lik
Can we just start acting like
it
it,
it, pl
it, plea
it, please
it, please?
>»
>» L
>» Loo
>» Look,
>» Look, I
>» Look, I d
>» Look, I don
>» Look, I don't
>» Look, I don't p
>» Look, I don't pre
>» Look, I don't prete
>» Look, I don't pretend
>» Look, I don't pretend t
>» Look, I don't pretend to
>» Look, I don't pretend to kn
>» Look, I don't pretend to know
wh
what
what y
what you
what you'r
what you're
what you're go
what you're goin
what you're going
what you're going th
what you're going thro
what you're going throug
what you're going through,
An
Andr
Andre.
Za
Zara
Zarah
Zarah wa
Zarah was
Zarah was a
Zarah was a fr
Zarah was a frie
Zarah was a friend
Zarah was a friend a
Zarah was a friend and
Zarah was a friend and L
Zarah was a friend and Lia
Zarah was a friend and Liana
Zarah was a friend and Liana..
Zarah was a friend and Liana...
bu
but
but we
but we n
but we nee
but we need
but we need Bi
but we need Big
but we need Big Al
but we need Big Alic
but we need Big Alice
but we need Big Alice to
su
surv
surviv
survive.
>»
>» I
>» Inc
>» Inclu
>» Includi
>» Including
>» Including A
>» Including AG-
>» Including AG-SE
>» Including AG-SEC.
So
So,
So, it
So, it's
So, it's t
So, it's tru
So, it's true?
La
Layt
Layton
Layton's
Layton's l
Layton's lea
Layton's leavi
Layton's leaving
Layton's leaving?
>»
>» N
>» Not
>» Nothi
>» Nothing
>» Nothing's
>» Nothing's b
>» Nothing's bee
>» Nothing's been
>» Nothing's been de
>» Nothing's been deci
>» Nothing's been decide
>» Nothing's been decided.
>»
>» I
>» I h
>» I hop
>» I hope
>» I hope no
>» I hope not.
Be
Beca
Becaus
Because
Because we
Because we c
Because we can
Because we can't
Because we can't h
Because we can't hea
Because we can't heat
Because we can't heat Ag
Because we can't heat Ag-S
Because we can't heat Ag-Sec
wi
with
withou
without
without th
without the
without the En
without the Engi
without the Engine
without the Engine,
without the Engine, le
without the Engine, let
without the Engine, let al
without the Engine, let alon
without the Engine, let alone
th
the
the en
the enti
the entire
the entire t
the entire tow
the entire town.
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» That'
>» That's
>» That's no
>» That's not
>» That's not ex
>» That's not exac
>» That's not exactl
>» That's not exactly
>» That's not exactly tr
>» That's not exactly true
>» That's not exactly true.
Th
The
The En
The Engi
The Engine
The Engine d
The Engine doe
The Engine does
The Engine does he
The Engine does help
The Engine does help p
The Engine does help pow
The Engine does help power
The Engine does help power N
The Engine does help power New
Ed
Eden
Eden,
Eden, bu
Eden, but
Eden, but ma
Eden, but mayb
Eden, but maybe.
Eden, but maybe...
Eden, but maybe...?
>»
>» T
>» The
>» There
>» There's
>» There's n
>» There's no
>» There's no ma
>» There's no mayb
>» There's no maybe.
So
Sola
Solar
Solar an
Solar and
Solar and wi
Solar and wind
Solar and wind a
Solar and wind are
Solar and wind are u
Solar and wind are unr
Solar and wind are unrel
Solar and wind are unrelia
Solar and wind are unreliabl
Solar and wind are unreliable
be
beca
becaus
because
because th
because the
because the cl
because the clim
because the climat
because the climate
because the climate is
un
unpr
unpred
unpredic
unpredicta
unpredictabl
unpredictable.
An
And
And ge
And geot
And geothe
And geotherm
And geothermal
And geothermal d
And geothermal doe
And geothermal doesn
And geothermal doesn't
And geothermal doesn't c
And geothermal doesn't cha
And geothermal doesn't charg
And geothermal doesn't charge
th
the
the ba
the batt
the batter
the battery
the battery ar
the battery arra
the battery arrays
the battery arrays e
the battery arrays eno
the battery arrays enoug
the battery arrays enough
the battery arrays enough to
of
offs
offset
offset B
offset Big
offset Big A
offset Big Ali
offset Big Alice
offset Big Alice's
offset Big Alice's p
offset Big Alice's pro
offset Big Alice's produ
offset Big Alice's product
offset Big Alice's productio
offset Big Alice's production.
Th
The
The bo
The bott
The bottom
The bottom l
The bottom lin
The bottom line
The bottom line is
The bottom line is t
The bottom line is the
The bottom line is the E
The bottom line is the Eng
The bottom line is the Engin
The bottom line is the Engine
The bottom line is the Engine is
ou
our
our on
our only
our only c
our only con
our only const
our only constan
our only constant,
our only constant, r
our only constant, rel
our only constant, relia
our only constant, reliabl
our only constant, reliable
po
powe
power
power so
power sour
power source
power source.
Wi
With
Withou
Without
Without it
Without it,
Without it, Ne
Without it, New
Without it, New Ed
Without it, New Eden
Without it, New Eden w
Without it, New Eden wil
Without it, New Eden will
Without it, New Eden will no
Without it, New Eden will not
su
surv
surviv
survive.
survive. T
survive. Tha
survive. That'
survive. That's
survive. That's it
survive. That's it.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Loo
>» Look,
>» Look, I
>» Look, I d
>» Look, I don
>» Look, I don't
>» Look, I don't w
>» Look, I don't wan
>» Look, I don't want
>» Look, I don't want to
je
jeop
jeopar
jeopardi
jeopardize
jeopardize N
jeopardize New
jeopardize New E
jeopardize New Ede
jeopardize New Eden.
Th
This
This i
This is
This is my
This is my h
This is my hom
This is my home,
This is my home, t
This is my home, too
This is my home, too.
Bu
But
But wh
But wher
But where
But where do
But where does
But where does t
But where does tha
But where does that
But where does that le
But where does that leav
But where does that leave
But where does that leave me
But where does that leave me?
>»
>» D
>» Don
>» Don't
>» Don't k
>» Don't kno
>» Don't know.
Bu
But
But th
But the
But the da
But the days
But the days o
But the days of
But the days of hi
But the days of hija
But the days of hijack
But the days of hijackin
But the days of hijacking
tr
trai
trains
trains a
trains are
trains are o
trains are ove
trains are over.
>»
>» O
>» Oka
>» Okay,
>» Okay, s
>» Okay, so
>» Okay, so I'
>» Okay, so I'm
>» Okay, so I'm ju
>» Okay, so I'm just
>» Okay, so I'm just s
>» Okay, so I'm just sup
>» Okay, so I'm just suppo
>» Okay, so I'm just suppose
>» Okay, so I'm just supposed
>» Okay, so I'm just supposed to
wa
wait
wait a
wait aro
wait aroun
wait around
wait around un
wait around unti
wait around until
wait around until th
wait around until the
wait around until the ki
wait around until the kidn
wait around until the kidnap
wait around until the kidnappe
wait around until the kidnappers
de
deci
decide
decide t
decide to
decide to br
decide to brin
decide to bring
decide to bring he
decide to bring her
decide to bring her ba
decide to bring her back
decide to bring her back,
decide to bring her back, ri
decide to bring her back, righ
decide to bring her back, right?
Y'
Y'al
Y'all
Y'all lo
Y'all lost
Y'all lost y
Y'all lost you
Y'all lost your
Y'all lost your da
Y'all lost your damn
Y'all lost your damn m
Y'all lost your damn min
Y'all lost your damn minds
Y'all lost your damn minds.
>»
>» N
>» No
>» No on
>» No one
>» No one is
>» No one is s
>» No one is say
>» No one is sayin
>» No one is saying
>» No one is saying th
>» No one is saying that
>» No one is saying that.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You.
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's go
Let's go.
>»
>» M
>» May
>» Maybe
>» Maybe a
>» Maybe aft
>» Maybe after
>» Maybe after m
>» Maybe after my
>» Maybe after my sh
>» Maybe after my show
>» Maybe after my shower
>» Maybe after my shower,
th
than
thank
thank yo
thank you.
(H
(Hea
(Heavy
(Heavy f
(Heavy foo
(Heavy foots
(Heavy footste
(Heavy footsteps
(Heavy footsteps)
♪
(G
(Gru
(Grunt
(Grunt)
I'
I'll
I'll b
I'll be
I'll be ba
I'll be back
I'll be back!
Sa
Save
Save m
Save me
Save me so
Save me some
Save me some s
Save me some soa
Save me some soap!
>»
>» T
>» Thi
>» This
>» This wa
>» This was
>» This was Lt
>» This was Lt.
>» This was Lt. Ja
>» This was Lt. Jaso
>» This was Lt. Jason
>» This was Lt. Jason Le
>» This was Lt. Jason Lee.
He
He w
He was
He was a
He was a l
He was a loy
He was a loyal
He was a loyal s
He was a loyal sol
He was a loyal soldi
He was a loyal soldier
He was a loyal soldier.
»>
»> I
He was a loyal soldier.
»> If
»> If yo
He was a loyal soldier.
»> If you'
»> If you're
He was a loyal soldier.
»> If you're t
»> If you're try
He was a loyal soldier.
»> If you're tryin
»> If you're trying
He was a loyal soldier.
»> If you're trying to
»> If you're trying to s
He was a loyal soldier.
»> If you're trying to sca
»> If you're trying to scare
He was a loyal soldier.
»> If you're trying to scare m
»> If you're trying to scare me,
>» If you're trying to scare me,
yo
you'
>» If you're trying to scare me,
you're
you're a
>» If you're trying to scare me,
you're abo
you're about
>» If you're trying to scare me,
you're about n
you're about nin
>» If you're trying to scare me,
you're about nine
you're about nine ye
>» If you're trying to scare me,
you're about nine year
you're about nine years
>» If you're trying to scare me,
you're about nine years to
you're about nine years too
la
late
you're about nine years too
late.
»>
»> I
late.
»> If
»> If yo
late.
»> If you
»> If you th
late.
»> If you thin
»> If you think
late.
»> If you think I'
»> If you think I'd
late.
»> If you think I'd us
»> If you think I'd use
late.
»> If you think I'd use th
»> If you think I'd use the
>» If you think I'd use the
de
deat
>» If you think I'd use the
death
death of
>» If you think I'd use the
death of o
death of one
>» If you think I'd use the
death of one o
death of one of
>» If you think I'd use the
death of one of my
death of one of my m
>» If you think I'd use the
death of one of my men
death of one of my men t
>» If you think I'd use the
death of one of my men tha
death of one of my men that
>» If you think I'd use the
death of one of my men that wa
death of one of my men that way,
th
then
death of one of my men that way,
then y
then you
death of one of my men that way,
then you s
then you sev
death of one of my men that way,
then you sever
then you severel
death of one of my men that way,
then you severely
then you severely un
death of one of my men that way,
then you severely unde
then you severely undere
death of one of my men that way,
then you severely underest
then you severely underestim
death of one of my men that way,
then you severely underestimat
then you severely underestimate
me
me.
I
I br
me.
I brou
I brough
me.
I brought
I brought yo
me.
I brought you
I brought you he
me.
I brought you here
I brought you here b
me.
I brought you here bec
I brought you here becau
me.
I brought you here because
I brought you here because I
ha
have
I brought you here because I
have a
have an
I brought you here because I
have an of
have an offe
I brought you here because I
have an offer
have an offer fo
I brought you here because I
have an offer for
have an offer for yo
I brought you here because I
have an offer for you.
Co
Coop
have an offer for you.
Cooper
Cooperat
have an offer for you.
Cooperate,
Cooperate, a
have an offer for you.
Cooperate, and
Cooperate, and I
have an offer for you.
Cooperate, and I c
Cooperate, and I cou
have an offer for you.
Cooperate, and I could
Cooperate, and I could r
have an offer for you.
Cooperate, and I could red
Cooperate, and I could reduc
have an offer for you.
Cooperate, and I could reduce
th
the
Cooperate, and I could reduce
the wo
the work
Cooperate, and I could reduce
the worker
the workers'
Cooperate, and I could reduce
the workers' s
the workers' shi
Cooperate, and I could reduce
the workers' shift
the workers' shifts
Cooperate, and I could reduce
the workers' shifts ba
the workers' shifts back
Cooperate, and I could reduce
the workers' shifts back d
the workers' shifts back dow
Cooperate, and I could reduce
the workers' shifts back down
the workers' shifts back down to
12 h
12 hou
the workers' shifts back down to
12 hours
12 hours.
»>
»> Y
12 hours.
»> You
»> You m
12 hours.
»> You mak
»> You make
12 hours.
»> You make hi
»> You make him
12 hours.
»> You make him th
»> You make him the
12 hours.
»> You make him the sa
»> You make him the same
12 hours.
»> You make him the same o
»> You make him the same off
12 hours.
»> You make him the same offer
»> You make him the same offer?
>» You make him the same offer?
»>
»> L
>» You make him the same offer?
»> Lt.
»> Lt. L
>» You make him the same offer?
»> Lt. Lee
»> Lt. Lee w
>» You make him the same offer?
»> Lt. Lee was
»> Lt. Lee was e
>» You make him the same offer?
»> Lt. Lee was ele
»> Lt. Lee was elect
>» You make him the same offer?
»> Lt. Lee was electro
»> Lt. Lee was electrocu
>» You make him the same offer?
»> Lt. Lee was electrocute
»> Lt. Lee was electrocuted
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
do
doin
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
doing
doing a
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
doing a jo
doing a job
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
doing a job he
doing a job he w
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
doing a job he was
doing a job he wasn'
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
doing a job he wasn't
doing a job he wasn't qu
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
doing a job he wasn't qual
doing a job he wasn't qualif
>» Lt. Lee was electrocuted
doing a job he wasn't qualifie
doing a job he wasn't qualified
to
to d
doing a job he wasn't qualified
to do.
Bu
But
to do.
But yo
But you
to do.
But you ar
But you are,
to do.
But you are, d
But you are, dow
to do.
But you are, down
But you are, down in
to do.
But you are, down in A
But you are, down in Ag-
to do.
But you are, down in Ag-Se
But you are, down in Ag-Sec.
»>
»> A
But you are, down in Ag-Sec.
»> Ag-
»> Ag-Se
But you are, down in Ag-Sec.
»> Ag-Sec?
>» Ag-Sec?
Wh
What
>» Ag-Sec?
What d
What doe
>» Ag-Sec?
What does
What does Ag
>» Ag-Sec?
What does Ag-S
What does Ag-Sec
>» Ag-Sec?
What does Ag-Sec h
What does Ag-Sec hav
>» Ag-Sec?
What does Ag-Sec have
What does Ag-Sec have to
>» Ag-Sec?
What does Ag-Sec have to d
What does Ag-Sec have to do
wi
with
What does Ag-Sec have to do
with t
with the
What does Ag-Sec have to do
with the r
with the ret
What does Ag-Sec have to do
with the retro
with the retrofi
What does Ag-Sec have to do
with the retrofit?
»>
»> N
with the retrofit?
»> Not
»> Nothi
with the retrofit?
»> Nothing
»> Nothing.
>» Nothing.
Bu
But
>» Nothing.
But Ni
But Nima
>» Nothing.
But Nima h
But Nima her
>» Nothing.
But Nima here
But Nima here jo
>» Nothing.
But Nima here join
But Nima here joined
>» Nothing.
But Nima here joined u
But Nima here joined us
>» Nothing.
But Nima here joined us on
But Nima here joined us on t
>» Nothing.
But Nima here joined us on the
la
last
But Nima here joined us on the
last s
last sto
But Nima here joined us on the
last stop
last stop be
But Nima here joined us on the
last stop bear
last stop bearin
But Nima here joined us on the
last stop bearing
last stop bearing gi
But Nima here joined us on the
last stop bearing gift
last stop bearing gifts.
A
A ne
last stop bearing gifts.
A new
A new fe
last stop bearing gifts.
A new fert
A new fertil
last stop bearing gifts.
A new fertiliz
A new fertilizer
last stop bearing gifts.
A new fertilizer h
A new fertilizer he'
last stop bearing gifts.
A new fertilizer he's
A new fertilizer he's be
last stop bearing gifts.
A new fertilizer he's been
co
cook
A new fertilizer he's been
cookin
cooking
A new fertilizer he's been
cooking up
cooking up t
A new fertilizer he's been
cooking up tha
cooking up that
A new fertilizer he's been
cooking up that co
cooking up that coul
A new fertilizer he's been
cooking up that could
cooking up that could he
A new fertilizer he's been
cooking up that could help
cooking up that could help w
A new fertilizer he's been
cooking up that could help wit
cooking up that could help with
ou
our
cooking up that could help with
our fo
our food
cooking up that could help with
our food s
our food sup
cooking up that could help with
our food suppl
our food supply
cooking up that could help with
our food supply is
our food supply issu
cooking up that could help with
our food supply issues
our food supply issues.
»>
»> S
our food supply issues.
»> So,
»> So, y
our food supply issues.
»> So, you
»> So, you w
our food supply issues.
»> So, you wor
»> So, you work
our food supply issues.
»> So, you work us
»> So, you work us t
our food supply issues.
»> So, you work us to
»> So, you work us to th
our food supply issues.
»> So, you work us to the
»> So, you work us to the bo
our food supply issues.
»> So, you work us to the bone
»> So, you work us to the bone,
>» So, you work us to the bone,
fe
feed
>» So, you work us to the bone,
feed u
feed us
>» So, you work us to the bone,
feed us sc
feed us scra
>» So, you work us to the bone,
feed us scraps
feed us scraps f
>» So, you work us to the bone,
feed us scraps for
feed us scraps for m
>» So, you work us to the bone,
feed us scraps for mon
feed us scraps for month
>» So, you work us to the bone,
feed us scraps for months,
an
and
feed us scraps for months,
and no
and now
feed us scraps for months,
and now yo
and now you
feed us scraps for months,
and now you ca
and now you care
feed us scraps for months,
and now you care?
»>
»> Y
and now you care?
»> You
»> Your
and now you care?
»> Your pe
»> Your peop
and now you care?
»> Your people
»> Your people a
and now you care?
»> Your people are
»> Your people are d
and now you care?
»> Your people are dro
»> Your people are dropp
and now you care?
»> Your people are droppin
»> Your people are dropping
>» Your people are dropping
li
like
>» Your people are dropping
like f
like fli
>» Your people are dropping
like flies
like flies.
Th
This
like flies.
This c
This cou
like flies.
This could
This could h
like flies.
This could hel
This could help.
Do
Doc?
»>
»> I
Doc?
»> It'
»> It's.
Doc?
»> It's...
>» It's...
it
it's
>» It's...
it's a
it's a p
>» It's...
it's a pot
it's a poten
>» It's...
it's a potent
it's a potent sy
>» It's...
it's a potent synt
it's a potent synthe
>» It's...
it's a potent syntheti
it's a potent synthetic
co
comp
it's a potent synthetic
compou
compound
it's a potent synthetic
compound.
It
It c
compound.
It cou
It could
compound.
It could d
It could dou
compound.
It could doubl
It could double
compound.
It could double fo
It could double food
compound.
It could double food p
It could double food pro
compound.
It could double food produ
It could double food product
compound.
It could double food productio
It could double food production.
We
We j
It could double food production.
We jus
We just
It could double food production.
We just ne
We just need
It could double food production.
We just need y
We just need you
It could double food production.
We just need you t
We just need you to
It could double food production.
We just need you to re
We just need you to re-r
It could double food production.
We just need you to re-rou
We just need you to re-route
It could double food production.
We just need you to re-route t
We just need you to re-route the
el
elec
We just need you to re-route the
electr
electric
We just need you to re-route the
electrical
electrical p
We just need you to re-route the
electrical pan
electrical panel
We just need you to re-route the
electrical panels
electrical panels an
We just need you to re-route the
electrical panels and
electrical panels and re
We just need you to re-route the
electrical panels and redi
electrical panels and redire
We just need you to re-route the
electrical panels and redirect
ve
vent
electrical panels and redirect
ventil
ventilat
electrical panels and redirect
ventilatio
ventilation
electrical panels and redirect
ventilation fo
ventilation for
electrical panels and redirect
ventilation for di
ventilation for disp
electrical panels and redirect
ventilation for disper
ventilation for dispersa
electrical panels and redirect
ventilation for dispersal.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Whi
>» Which
>» Which i
>» Which is
>» Which is ho
>» Which is how
>» Which is how th
>» Which is how this
>» Which is how this h
>» Which is how this hap
>» Which is how this happe
>» Which is how this happene
>» Which is how this happened?
»>
»> A
>» Which is how this happened?
»> Aga
»> Again
>» Which is how this happened?
»> Again,
»> Again, a
>» Which is how this happened?
»> Again, a ta
»> Again, a task
>» Which is how this happened?
»> Again, a task f
»> Again, a task for
>» Which is how this happened?
»> Again, a task for a
»> Again, a task for an
>» Again, a task for an
En
Engi
>» Again, a task for an
Engine
Engineer
>» Again, a task for an
Engineer,
Engineer, no
>» Again, a task for an
Engineer, not
Engineer, not a
>» Again, a task for an
Engineer, not a so
Engineer, not a sold
>» Again, a task for an
Engineer, not a soldie
Engineer, not a soldier.
So
So,
Engineer, not a soldier.
So, wh
So, what
Engineer, not a soldier.
So, what d
So, what do
Engineer, not a soldier.
So, what do yo
So, what do you
Engineer, not a soldier.
So, what do you sa
So, what do you say?
Yo
You
So, what do you say?
You co
You coul
So, what do you say?
You could
You could be
So, what do you say?
You could be a
You could be a h
So, what do you say?
You could be a her
You could be a hero,
So, what do you say?
You could be a hero, o
You could be a hero, or
So, what do you say?
You could be a hero, or wa
You could be a hero, or watc
So, what do you say?
You could be a hero, or watch
a
a fe
You could be a hero, or watch
a fell
a fellow
You could be a hero, or watch
a fellow p
a fellow pas
You could be a hero, or watch
a fellow passe
a fellow passeng
You could be a hero, or watch
a fellow passenger
a fellow passenger w
You could be a hero, or watch
a fellow passenger win
a fellow passenger wind
You could be a hero, or watch
a fellow passenger wind up
a fellow passenger wind up o
You could be a hero, or watch
a fellow passenger wind up on
th
the
a fellow passenger wind up on
the sl
the slab
a fellow passenger wind up on
the slab.
Yo
Your
the slab.
Your c
Your cal
the slab.
Your call.
♪
>»
>» 1
>» 10-
>» 10-ho
>» 10-hour
>» 10-hour s
>» 10-hour shi
>» 10-hour shift
>» 10-hour shifts
>» 10-hour shifts fo
>» 10-hour shifts for
>» 10-hour shifts for th
>» 10-hour shifts for the
>» 10-hour shifts for the cr
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
An
And
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
And I'
And I'll
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
And I'll n
And I'll nee
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
And I'll need
And I'll need an
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
And I'll need anot
And I'll need anothe
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
And I'll need another
And I'll need another pa
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
And I'll need another pair
And I'll need another pair o
>» 10-hour shifts for the crew.
And I'll need another pair of
ha
hand
And I'll need another pair of
hands
hands to
And I'll need another pair of
hands to h
hands to hel
And I'll need another pair of
hands to help
hands to help ou
And I'll need another pair of
hands to help out.
Ti
Till
hands to help out.
Till.
»>
»> D
Till.
»> Don
»> Done.
>» Done.
Ze
Zero
>» Done.
Zero t
Zero to
>» Done.
Zero to he
Zero to hero
>» Done.
Zero to hero,
Zero to hero, I
>» Done.
Zero to hero, I li
Zero to hero, I like
>» Done.
Zero to hero, I like i
Zero to hero, I like it.
♪
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's a
>» It's a ri
>» It's a risk
>» It's a risk.
Th
Thes
>» It's a risk.
These
These ch
>» It's a risk.
These chem
These chemic
>» It's a risk.
These chemical
These chemicals
>» It's a risk.
These chemicals ar
These chemicals are,
>» It's a risk.
These chemicals are, a
These chemicals are, are
da
dang
These chemicals are, are
danger
dangerou
These chemicals are, are
dangerous.
Th
They
dangerous.
They'r
They're
dangerous.
They're vo
They're vola
dangerous.
They're volati
They're volatile
dangerous.
They're volatile.
»>
»> I
They're volatile.
»> If
»> If th
They're volatile.
»> If the
»> If the En
They're volatile.
»> If the Engi
»> If the Engine
They're volatile.
»> If the Engineer
»> If the Engineer d
They're volatile.
»> If the Engineer doe
»> If the Engineer does
They're volatile.
»> If the Engineer does th
»> If the Engineer does the
They're volatile.
»> If the Engineer does the jo
»> If the Engineer does the job
>» If the Engineer does the job
ri
righ
>» If the Engineer does the job
right,
right, i
>» If the Engineer does the job
right, it
right, it wo
>» If the Engineer does the job
right, it won'
right, it won't
>» If the Engineer does the job
right, it won't be
right, it won't be a
>» If the Engineer does the job
right, it won't be a p
right, it won't be a pro
>» If the Engineer does the job
right, it won't be a probl
right, it won't be a problem
>» If the Engineer does the job
right, it won't be a problem.
»>
»> H
right, it won't be a problem.
»> He'
»> He's
right, it won't be a problem.
»> He's im
»> He's impo
right, it won't be a problem.
»> He's import
»> He's importan
right, it won't be a problem.
»> He's important
»> He's important to
right, it won't be a problem.
»> He's important to M
»> He's important to Mel
right, it won't be a problem.
»> He's important to Mel.
>» He's important to Mel.
»>
»> O
>» He's important to Mel.
»> Our
»> Our m
>» He's important to Mel.
»> Our mis
»> Our missi
>» He's important to Mel.
»> Our mission
»> Our mission i
>» He's important to Mel.
»> Our mission is
»> Our mission is im
>» He's important to Mel.
»> Our mission is impo
»> Our mission is import
>» He's important to Mel.
»> Our mission is importan
»> Our mission is important
>» He's important to Mel.
»> Our mission is important to
>» Our mission is important to
th
the
>» Our mission is important to
the wo
the worl
>» Our mission is important to
the world.
Me
Mel
the world.
Mel wi
Mel will
the world.
Mel will u
Mel will und
the world.
Mel will under
Mel will underst
the world.
Mel will understan
Mel will understand.
♪
(W
(Win
(Wind
(Wind gu
(Wind gust
(Wind gustin
(Wind gusting)
(C
(Cla
(Clank
(Clankin
(Clanking)
»>
»> L
(Clanking)
»> Lay
»> Layto
(Clanking)
»> Layton.
>» Layton.
(L
(Lay
>» Layton.
(Layto
(Layton
>» Layton.
(Layton gr
(Layton grun
>» Layton.
(Layton grunts
(Layton grunts)
He
Hey,
(Layton grunts)
Hey, L
Hey, Lay
(Layton grunts)
Hey, Layto
Hey, Layton.
»>
»> W
Hey, Layton.
»> Wha
»> What?
>» What?
»>
»> C
>» What?
»> Can
»> Can y
>» What?
»> Can you
»> Can you j
>» What?
»> Can you jus
»> Can you just
>» What?
»> Can you just co
»> Can you just come
>» What?
»> Can you just come b
»> Can you just come bac
>» What?
»> Can you just come back
>» Can you just come back
wi
with
>» Can you just come back
with m
with me?
Ma
Mayb
with me?
Maybe
Maybe we
with me?
Maybe we c
Maybe we can
with me?
Maybe we can t
Maybe we can tal
with me?
Maybe we can talk
Maybe we can talk to
with me?
Maybe we can talk to R
Maybe we can talk to Rut
with me?
Maybe we can talk to Ruth
pr
priv
Maybe we can talk to Ruth
privat
privatel
Maybe we can talk to Ruth
privately
privately an
Maybe we can talk to Ruth
privately and
privately and wo
Maybe we can talk to Ruth
privately and work
privately and work s
Maybe we can talk to Ruth
privately and work som
privately and work somet
Maybe we can talk to Ruth
privately and work somethi
privately and work something
ou
out.
»>
»> I
out.
»> I'm
»> I'm n
out.
»> I'm not
»> I'm not g
out.
»> I'm not gro
»> I'm not grove
out.
»> I'm not grovell
»> I'm not grovellin
out.
»> I'm not grovelling
»> I'm not grovelling to
out.
»> I'm not grovelling to R
»> I'm not grovelling to Rut
out.
»> I'm not grovelling to Ruth
>» I'm not grovelling to Ruth
or
or t
>» I'm not grovelling to Ruth
or the
or the c
>» I'm not grovelling to Ruth
or the cou
or the counc
>» I'm not grovelling to Ruth
or the council
or the council.
»>
»> W
or the council.
»> Wha
»> What?
>» What?
No
No o
>» What?
No one
No one's
>» What?
No one's a
No one's ask
>» What?
No one's askin
No one's asking
>» What?
No one's asking yo
No one's asking you
>» What?
No one's asking you to
No one's asking you to.
Ev
Ever
No one's asking you to.
Everyo
Everyone
No one's asking you to.
Everyone w
Everyone wan
No one's asking you to.
Everyone wants
Everyone wants t
No one's asking you to.
Everyone wants to
Everyone wants to go
No one's asking you to.
Everyone wants to go a
Everyone wants to go aft
No one's asking you to.
Everyone wants to go after
Li
Lian
Everyone wants to go after
Liana.
We
We j
Liana.
We jus
We just,
Liana.
We just, w
We just, we
Liana.
We just, we ha
We just, we have
Liana.
We just, we have t
We just, we have to
Liana.
We just, we have to be
We just, we have to be s
Liana.
We just, we have to be sma
We just, we have to be smart
ab
abou
We just, we have to be smart
about
about th
We just, we have to be smart
about this
about this.
»>
»> I
about this.
»> I'm
»> I'm n
about this.
»> I'm not
»> I'm not h
about this.
»> I'm not hea
»> I'm not heari
about this.
»> I'm not hearing
»> I'm not hearing a
about this.
»> I'm not hearing any
»> I'm not hearing anyth
about this.
»> I'm not hearing anythin
»> I'm not hearing anything
>» I'm not hearing anything
sm
smar
>» I'm not hearing anything
smart,
smart, a
>» I'm not hearing anything
smart, and
smart, and I
>» I'm not hearing anything
smart, and I'm
smart, and I'm n
>» I'm not hearing anything
smart, and I'm not
smart, and I'm not h
>» I'm not hearing anything
smart, and I'm not hea
smart, and I'm not heari
>» I'm not hearing anything
smart, and I'm not hearing
smart, and I'm not hearing a
>» I'm not hearing anything
smart, and I'm not hearing any
so
solu
smart, and I'm not hearing any
soluti
solution
smart, and I'm not hearing any
solutions.
solutions...
to
to t
solutions...
to the
to the p
solutions...
to the pro
to the probl
solutions...
to the problem
to the problem.
»>
»> C
to the problem.
»> Can
»> Can y
to the problem.
»> Can you
»> Can you j
to the problem.
»> Can you jus
»> Can you just
to the problem.
»> Can you just st
»> Can you just stop
to the problem.
»> Can you just stop i
»> Can you just stop it?
>» Can you just stop it?
Yo
You'
>» Can you just stop it?
You're
You're n
>» Can you just stop it?
You're not
You're not g
>» Can you just stop it?
You're not giv
You're not givin
>» Can you just stop it?
You're not giving
You're not giving an
>» Can you just stop it?
You're not giving anyo
You're not giving anyone
a
a ch
You're not giving anyone
a chan
a chance
You're not giving anyone
a chance.
Yo
You'
a chance.
You're
You're j
a chance.
You're jus
You're just
a chance.
You're just cu
You're just cutt
a chance.
You're just cuttin
You're just cutting
a chance.
You're just cutting ev
You're just cutting ever
a chance.
You're just cutting everyo
You're just cutting everyone
ou
out.
»>
»> L
out.
»> Loo
»> Look,
out.
»> Look, I
»> Look, I d
out.
»> Look, I don
»> Look, I don't
out.
»> Look, I don't n
»> Look, I don't nee
out.
»> Look, I don't need
»> Look, I don't need th
out.
»> Look, I don't need this
»> Look, I don't need this!
>» Look, I don't need this!
We
We b
>» Look, I don't need this!
We bot
We both
>» Look, I don't need this!
We both kn
We both know
>» Look, I don't need this!
We both know i
We both know if
>» Look, I don't need this!
We both know if th
We both know if this
>» Look, I don't need this!
We both know if this w
We both know if this was
>» Look, I don't need this!
We both know if this was y
We both know if this was you
>» Look, I don't need this!
We both know if this was your
da
daug
We both know if this was your
daught
daughter
We both know if this was your
daughter,
daughter, we
We both know if this was your
daughter, we w
daughter, we wou
We both know if this was your
daughter, we would
daughter, we would n
We both know if this was your
daughter, we would not
daughter, we would not b
We both know if this was your
daughter, we would not be
ha
havi
daughter, we would not be
having
having t
daughter, we would not be
having the
having these
daughter, we would not be
having these d
having these dis
daughter, we would not be
having these discu
having these discuss
daughter, we would not be
having these discussio
having these discussions
daughter, we would not be
having these discussions.
♪
>»
>» I
>» I d
>» I don
>» I don't
>» I don't k
>» I don't kno
>» I don't know
>» I don't know wh
>» I don't know who
>» I don't know who yo
>» I don't know who you
>» I don't know who you ar
>» I don't know who you are
ri
righ
>» I don't know who you are
right
right no
>» I don't know who you are
right now.
♪
>»
>» Yo
>» You
>» You co
>» You coul
>» You could
>» You could ha
>» You could have
>» You could have m
>» You could have mus
>» You could have music
le
less
>» You could have music
lesson
lessons.
Yo
You
lessons.
You us
You used
lessons.
You used t
You used to
lessons.
You used to pl
You used to play
lessons.
You used to play t
You used to play the
lessons.
You used to play the p
You used to play the pia
lessons.
You used to play the piano
You used to play the piano.
»>
»> So
You used to play the piano.
»> Some
»> Someti
You used to play the piano.
»> Sometime
»> Sometimes,
You used to play the piano.
»> Sometimes, i
»> Sometimes, in
You used to play the piano.
»> Sometimes, in th
»> Sometimes, in the
You used to play the piano.
»> Sometimes, in the Ni
»> Sometimes, in the Nigh
You used to play the piano.
»> Sometimes, in the Nightc
»> Sometimes, in the Nightcar
You used to play the piano.
»> Sometimes, in the Nightcar.
♪
>»
>» Yo
>» You
>» You kn
>» You know
>» You know w
>» You know wha
>» You know what
>» You know what it
>» You know what it's
>» You know what it's l
>» You know what it's lik
>» You know what it's like
>» You know what it's like to
be
be o
>» You know what it's like to
be out
be outsi
>» You know what it's like to
be outside
be outside?
(E
(Ech
be outside?
(Echoe
(Echoes)
♪
>»
>» A
>» A g
>» A guy
>» A guy l
>» A guy lik
>» A guy like
>» A guy like Ni
>» A guy like Nima
>» A guy like Nima R
>» A guy like Nima Rou
>» A guy like Nima Rouss
>» A guy like Nima Roussea
>» A guy like Nima Rousseau
is
is n
>» A guy like Nima Rousseau
is no
is no re
>» A guy like Nima Rousseau
is no rebe
is no rebel.
I
I do
is no rebel.
I don'
I don't
is no rebel.
I don't th
I don't thin
is no rebel.
I don't think
I don't think we
is no rebel.
I don't think we'l
I don't think we'll
is no rebel.
I don't think we'll ge
I don't think we'll get
is no rebel.
I don't think we'll get an
I don't think we'll get anyt
is no rebel.
I don't think we'll get anythi
I don't think we'll get anything
ou
out
I don't think we'll get anything
out of
out of h
I don't think we'll get anything
out of him
out of him.
»>
»> W
out of him.
»> We
»> We mi
out of him.
»> We migh
»> We might,
out of him.
»> We might, i
»> We might, if
out of him.
»> We might, if we
»> We might, if we g
out of him.
»> We might, if we get
»> We might, if we get h
out of him.
»> We might, if we get him
>» We might, if we get him
al
alon
>» We might, if we get him
alone.
He
He d
alone.
He did
He didn'
alone.
He didn't
He didn't lo
alone.
He didn't look
He didn't look c
alone.
He didn't look com
He didn't look comfo
alone.
He didn't look comfort
He didn't look comfortab
alone.
He didn't look comfortable
sp
spea
He didn't look comfortable
speaki
speaking
He didn't look comfortable
speaking i
speaking in
He didn't look comfortable
speaking in fr
speaking in fron
He didn't look comfortable
speaking in front
speaking in front of
He didn't look comfortable
speaking in front of t
speaking in front of the
Ad
Admi
speaking in front of the
Admira
Admiral.
»>
»> T
Admiral.
»> Til
»> Till:
Admiral.
»> Till: D
»> Till: Doe
Admiral.
»> Till: Does
»> Till: Does an
Admiral.
»> Till: Does anyo
»> Till: Does anyone
Admiral.
»> Till: Does anyone?
>» Till: Does anyone?
»>
»> W
>» Till: Does anyone?
»> Whe
»> Where
>» Till: Does anyone?
»> Where a
»> Where are
>» Till: Does anyone?
»> Where are y
»> Where are you
>» Till: Does anyone?
»> Where are you t
»> Where are you two
>» Till: Does anyone?
»> Where are you two h
»> Where are you two hea
>» Till: Does anyone?
»> Where are you two heade
»> Where are you two headed?
>» Where are you two headed?
Yo
You
>» Where are you two headed?
You sh
You shou
>» Where are you two headed?
You should
You should b
>» Where are you two headed?
You should be
You should be do
>» Where are you two headed?
You should be down
You should be downtr
>» Where are you two headed?
You should be downtrai
You should be downtrain
>» Where are you two headed?
You should be downtrain in
Ag
Ag-S
You should be downtrain in
Ag-Sec
Ag-Sec.
»>
»> T
Ag-Sec.
»> Til
»> Till:
Ag-Sec.
»> Till: N
»> Till: Nee
Ag-Sec.
»> Till: Need
»> Till: Need to
Ag-Sec.
»> Till: Need to t
»> Till: Need to tal
Ag-Sec.
»> Till: Need to talk
»> Till: Need to talk to
Ag-Sec.
»> Till: Need to talk to t
»> Till: Need to talk to the
>» Till: Need to talk to the
ch
chem
>» Till: Need to talk to the
chemis
chemist.
»>
»> I
chemist.
»> I d
»> I did
chemist.
»> I didn'
»> I didn't
chemist.
»> I didn't au
»> I didn't auth
chemist.
»> I didn't author
»> I didn't authoriz
chemist.
»> I didn't authorize
»> I didn't authorize a
chemist.
»> I didn't authorize a vi
»> I didn't authorize a visi
chemist.
»> I didn't authorize a visit.
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»>
»> L
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»> Loo
»> Look,
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»> Look, i
»> Look, if
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»> Look, if yo
»> Look, if you
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»> Look, if you wa
»> Look, if you want
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»> Look, if you want u
»> Look, if you want us
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»> Look, if you want us to
»> Look, if you want us to d
>» I didn't authorize a visit.
»> Look, if you want us to do
>» Look, if you want us to do
ou
our
>» Look, if you want us to do
our jo
our job,
>» Look, if you want us to do
our job, B
our job, Ben
>» Look, if you want us to do
our job, Ben n
our job, Ben nee
>» Look, if you want us to do
our job, Ben needs
our job, Ben needs t
>» Look, if you want us to do
our job, Ben needs to
our job, Ben needs to ta
>» Look, if you want us to do
our job, Ben needs to talk
our job, Ben needs to talk t
>» Look, if you want us to do
our job, Ben needs to talk to
Ni
Nima
our job, Ben needs to talk to
Nima a
Nima abo
our job, Ben needs to talk to
Nima about
Nima about v
our job, Ben needs to talk to
Nima about val
Nima about valve
our job, Ben needs to talk to
Nima about valve p
Nima about valve pre
our job, Ben needs to talk to
Nima about valve press
Nima about valve pressur
our job, Ben needs to talk to
Nima about valve pressure.
Ri
Righ
Nima about valve pressure.
Right,
Right, B
Nima about valve pressure.
Right, Ben
Right, Ben?
»>
»> Y
Right, Ben?
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
It
It's
>» Yeah.
It's v
It's ver
>» Yeah.
It's very
It's very cr
>» Yeah.
It's very cruc
It's very crucia
>» Yeah.
It's very crucial
It's very crucial to
>» Yeah.
It's very crucial to t
It's very crucial to the
>» Yeah.
It's very crucial to the v
It's very crucial to the vol
>» Yeah.
It's very crucial to the volum
It's very crucial to the volume
of
of d
It's very crucial to the volume
of dis
of dispe
It's very crucial to the volume
of dispers
of dispersal
It's very crucial to the volume
of dispersal.
»>
»> H
of dispersal.
»> He
»> He ca
of dispersal.
»> He can
»> He can go
of dispersal.
»> He can go i
»> He can go in.
>» He can go in.
Yo
You
>» He can go in.
You st
You stay
>» He can go in.
You stay h
You stay her
>» He can go in.
You stay here.
(D
(Doo
You stay here.
(Door
(Door be
You stay here.
(Door beep
(Door beeps)
(D
(Doo
(Door beeps)
(Door
(Door sl
(Door beeps)
(Door slid
(Door slides
(Door beeps)
(Door slides s
(Door slides shu
(Door beeps)
(Door slides shut)
>»
>» W
>» Wou
>» Would
>» Would y
>» Would you
>» Would you l
>» Would you lik
>» Would you like
>» Would you like to
>» Would you like to k
>» Would you like to kno
>» Would you like to know
wh
why
>» Would you like to know
why I
why I pu
>» Would you like to know
why I put
why I put yo
>» Would you like to know
why I put you
why I put you in
>» Would you like to know
why I put you in t
why I put you in the
>» Would you like to know
why I put you in the h
why I put you in the hot
>» Would you like to know
why I put you in the hot b
why I put you in the hot box
>» Would you like to know
why I put you in the hot box,
an
and
why I put you in the hot box,
and no
and not
why I put you in the hot box,
and not hi
and not him?
»>
»> '
and not him?
»> 'Ca
»> 'Caus
and not him?
»> 'Cause
»> 'Cause yo
and not him?
»> 'Cause you
»> 'Cause you ha
and not him?
»> 'Cause you hate
»> 'Cause you hate w
and not him?
»> 'Cause you hate wom
»> 'Cause you hate women
and not him?
»> 'Cause you hate women?
>» 'Cause you hate women?
»>
»> (
>» 'Cause you hate women?
»> (Ch
»> (Chuc
>» 'Cause you hate women?
»> (Chuckl
»> (Chuckles
>» 'Cause you hate women?
»> (Chuckles)
>» (Chuckles)
It
It's
>» (Chuckles)
It's y
It's you
>» (Chuckles)
It's your
It's your sp
>» (Chuckles)
It's your spir
It's your spirit
>» (Chuckles)
It's your spirit,
It's your spirit, Ti
>» (Chuckles)
It's your spirit, Till
It's your spirit, Till.
It
It's
It's your spirit, Till.
It's u
It's und
It's your spirit, Till.
It's unden
It's undenia
It's your spirit, Till.
It's undeniabl
It's undeniable.
Te
Tell
It's undeniable.
Tell m
Tell me,
It's undeniable.
Tell me, h
Tell me, hav
It's undeniable.
Tell me, have
Tell me, have yo
It's undeniable.
Tell me, have you
Tell me, have you ev
It's undeniable.
Tell me, have you ever
Tell me, have you ever t
It's undeniable.
Tell me, have you ever tho
Tell me, have you ever thoug
It's undeniable.
Tell me, have you ever thought
ab
abou
Tell me, have you ever thought
about
about jo
Tell me, have you ever thought
about join
about joinin
Tell me, have you ever thought
about joining
about joining th
Tell me, have you ever thought
about joining the
about joining the mi
Tell me, have you ever thought
about joining the mili
about joining the milita
Tell me, have you ever thought
about joining the military
about joining the military?
It
It's
about joining the military?
It's w
It's whe
about joining the military?
It's where
It's where s
about joining the military?
It's where spi
It's where spiri
about joining the military?
It's where spirit
be
beco
It's where spirit
become
becomes
It's where spirit
becomes pu
becomes purp
It's where spirit
becomes purpos
becomes purpose.
»>
»> I
becomes purpose.
»> I'd
»> I'd r
becomes purpose.
»> I'd rat
»> I'd rathe
becomes purpose.
»> I'd rather
»> I'd rather li
becomes purpose.
»> I'd rather live
»> I'd rather live i
becomes purpose.
»> I'd rather live in
»> I'd rather live in th
becomes purpose.
»> I'd rather live in the
»> I'd rather live in the ho
becomes purpose.
»> I'd rather live in the hot
>» I'd rather live in the hot
bo
box
>» I'd rather live in the hot
box th
box than
>» I'd rather live in the hot
box than w
box than wor
>» I'd rather live in the hot
box than work
box than work un
>» I'd rather live in the hot
box than work unde
box than work under
>» I'd rather live in the hot
box than work under yo
box than work under you,
>» I'd rather live in the hot
box than work under you, s
box than work under you, sir
>» I'd rather live in the hot
box than work under you, sir.
»>
»> T
box than work under you, sir.
»> Tha
»> That'
box than work under you, sir.
»> That's
»> That's wh
box than work under you, sir.
»> That's what
>» That's what
I'
I'm
>» That's what
I'm ta
I'm talk
>» That's what
I'm talkin
I'm talking
>» That's what
I'm talking ab
I'm talking abou
>» That's what
I'm talking about,
I'm talking about, T
>» That's what
I'm talking about, Til
I'm talking about, Till.
I
I li
I'm talking about, Till.
I like
I like i
I'm talking about, Till.
I like it.
(C
(Chu
I like it.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
I like it.
(Chuckles)
>» Layton!
He
Hey.
Hey. D
Hey. Do
Hey. Do yo
Hey. Do you
Hey. Do you ha
Hey. Do you have
Hey. Do you have a
Hey. Do you have a m
Hey. Do you have a mom
Hey. Do you have a momen
Hey. Do you have a moment?
»>
»> W
Hey. Do you have a moment?
»> Wha
»> What?
Hey. Do you have a moment?
»> What? N
»> What? Not
Hey. Do you have a moment?
»> What? Not u
»> What? Not unl
Hey. Do you have a moment?
»> What? Not unles
»> What? Not unless
>» What? Not unless
yo
your
>» What? Not unless
your n
your nam
>» What? Not unless
your name'
your name's
>» What? Not unless
your name's Ja
your name's Javi
>» What? Not unless
your name's Javi.
»>
»> L
your name's Javi.
»> Loo
»> Look,
your name's Javi.
»> Look, I
»> Look, I'm
your name's Javi.
»> Look, I'm r
»> Look, I'm rea
your name's Javi.
»> Look, I'm reall
»> Look, I'm really
>» Look, I'm really
so
sorr
>» Look, I'm really
sorry
sorry ab
>» Look, I'm really
sorry abou
sorry about
>» Look, I'm really
sorry about Za
sorry about Zara
>» Look, I'm really
sorry about Zarah.
»>
»> M
sorry about Zarah.
»> Man
»> Man,
sorry about Zarah.
»> Man, I
»> Man, I re
sorry about Zarah.
»> Man, I real
»> Man, I really
sorry about Zarah.
»> Man, I really d
»> Man, I really don
sorry about Zarah.
»> Man, I really don't
>» Man, I really don't
ha
have
>» Man, I really don't
have t
have tim
>» Man, I really don't
have time
have time fo
>» Man, I really don't
have time for
have time for th
>» Man, I really don't
have time for this
have time for this.
»>
»> P
have time for this.
»> Ple
»> Pleas
have time for this.
»> Please,
»> Please, p
have time for this.
»> Please, ple
»> Please, pleas
have time for this.
»> Please, please,
>» Please, please,
pl
plea
>» Please, please,
please
please,
>» Please, please,
please, wa
please, wait
>» Please, please,
please, wait.
Th
Ther
please, wait.
There'
There's
please, wait.
There's so
There's some
please, wait.
There's someth
There's somethin
please, wait.
There's something
There's something el
please, wait.
There's something else
There's something else.
Th
This
There's something else.
This m
This mor
There's something else.
This morni
This morning
There's something else.
This morning,
This morning, I
There's something else.
This morning, I sa
This morning, I saw
There's something else.
This morning, I saw a
This morning, I saw a bi
There's something else.
This morning, I saw a bird
This morning, I saw a bird,
uh
uh,
This morning, I saw a bird,
uh, it
uh, it's
This morning, I saw a bird,
uh, it's a
uh, it's a d
This morning, I saw a bird,
uh, it's a dov
uh, it's a dove.
It
It w
uh, it's a dove.
It was
It was b
uh, it's a dove.
It was bea
It was beaut
uh, it's a dove.
It was beautif
It was beautiful
uh, it's a dove.
It was beautiful.
»>
»> M
It was beautiful.
»> My
»> My gi
It was beautiful.
»> My girl
»> My girl h
It was beautiful.
»> My girl has
»> My girl has b
It was beautiful.
»> My girl has bee
»> My girl has been
It was beautiful.
»> My girl has been ta
»> My girl has been take
It was beautiful.
»> My girl has been taken
>» My girl has been taken
fr
from
>» My girl has been taken
from m
from me,
>» My girl has been taken
from me, y
from me, you
>» My girl has been taken
from me, you w
from me, you wan
>» My girl has been taken
from me, you want
from me, you want to
>» My girl has been taken
from me, you want to t
from me, you want to tal
>» My girl has been taken
from me, you want to talk
to
to m
from me, you want to talk
to me
to me ab
from me, you want to talk
to me abou
to me about
from me, you want to talk
to me about bi
to me about bird
from me, you want to talk
to me about birds?
»>
»> J
to me about birds?
»> Jus
»> Just
to me about birds?
»> Just li
»> Just list
to me about birds?
»> Just listen
»> Just listen,
to me about birds?
»> Just listen, li
»> Just listen, list
to me about birds?
»> Just listen, listen
»> Just listen, listen.
>» Just listen, listen.
I
I th
>» Just listen, listen.
I thin
I think
>» Just listen, listen.
I think it
I think it w
>» Just listen, listen.
I think it was
I think it was a
>» Just listen, listen.
I think it was a s
I think it was a sig
>» Just listen, listen.
I think it was a sign.
It
It's
I think it was a sign.
It's a
It's a s
I think it was a sign.
It's a sig
It's a sign
I think it was a sign.
It's a sign of
It's a sign of h
I think it was a sign.
It's a sign of hop
It's a sign of hope,
uh
uh,
It's a sign of hope,
uh, fr
uh, from
It's a sign of hope,
uh, from Z
uh, from Zar
It's a sign of hope,
uh, from Zarah
uh, from Zarah.
»>
»> S
uh, from Zarah.
»> Sto
»> Stop
uh, from Zarah.
»> Stop sa
»> Stop sayi
uh, from Zarah.
»> Stop saying
»> Stop saying h
uh, from Zarah.
»> Stop saying her
»> Stop saying her n
uh, from Zarah.
»> Stop saying her nam
»> Stop saying her name!
>» Stop saying her name!
It
It w
>» Stop saying her name!
It was
It was y
>» Stop saying her name!
It was you
It was your
>» Stop saying her name!
It was your fa
It was your faul
>» Stop saying her name!
It was your fault
It was your fault sh
>» Stop saying her name!
It was your fault she
It was your fault she wa
>» Stop saying her name!
It was your fault she was
ou
out
It was your fault she was
out th
out ther
It was your fault she was
out there
out there by
It was your fault she was
out there by h
out there by her
It was your fault she was
out there by herse
out there by herself
in
in t
out there by herself
in the
in the f
out there by herself
in the fir
in the first
out there by herself
in the first p
in the first pla
out there by herself
in the first place
in the first place.
Yo
You
in the first place.
You th
You thin
in the first place.
You think
You think sh
in the first place.
You think she'
You think she's
se
send
You think she's
sendin
sending
You think she's
sending yo
sending you
You think she's
sending you a
sending you a si
You think she's
sending you a sign
sending you a sign?
(G
(Gru
sending you a sign?
(Grunt
(Grunt)
Yo
You
(Grunt)
You ne
You need
(Grunt)
You need s
You need som
(Grunt)
You need some
You need some he
(Grunt)
You need some help
You need some help,
(Grunt)
You need some help, ma
You need some help, man.
>»
>» D
>» Dr.
>» Dr. R
>» Dr. Rou
>» Dr. Rouss
>» Dr. Roussea
>» Dr. Rousseau,
>» Dr. Rousseau, I
>» Dr. Rousseau, I h
>» Dr. Rousseau, I hav
>» Dr. Rousseau, I have
a
a qu
>» Dr. Rousseau, I have
a ques
a questi
>» Dr. Rousseau, I have
a question
a question a
>» Dr. Rousseau, I have
a question abo
a question about
>» Dr. Rousseau, I have
a question about d
a question about dis
>» Dr. Rousseau, I have
a question about dispe
a question about dispers
>» Dr. Rousseau, I have
a question about dispersal
a question about dispersal.
Be
Be h
Be hon
Be hones
Be honest.
Wh
What
Be honest.
What's
What's t
Be honest.
What's thi
What's this
Be honest.
What's this jo
What's this job
Be honest.
What's this job re
What's this job real
Be honest.
What's this job really
What's this job really a
Be honest.
What's this job really abo
What's this job really about
Be honest.
What's this job really about?
An
And
What's this job really about?
And pl
And plea
What's this job really about?
And please
And please,
What's this job really about?
And please, do
And please, don'
What's this job really about?
And please, don't
And please, don't fe
What's this job really about?
And please, don't feed
And please, don't feed m
What's this job really about?
And please, don't feed me
And please, don't feed me a
What's this job really about?
And please, don't feed me a li
And please, don't feed me a line
ab
abou
And please, don't feed me a line
about
about th
And please, don't feed me a line
about the
about the tr
And please, don't feed me a line
about the trai
about the train'
And please, don't feed me a line
about the train's
about the train's we
And please, don't feed me a line
about the train's well
about the train's well-b
And please, don't feed me a line
about the train's well-bei
about the train's well-being
And please, don't feed me a line
about the train's well-being.
»>
»> R
about the train's well-being.
»> Rer
»> Rerou
about the train's well-being.
»> Reroute
»> Reroute t
about the train's well-being.
»> Reroute the
»> Reroute the p
about the train's well-being.
»> Reroute the pan
»> Reroute the panel
>» Reroute the panel
to
to t
>» Reroute the panel
to the
to the v
>» Reroute the panel
to the ven
to the venti
>» Reroute the panel
to the ventila
to the ventilati
>» Reroute the panel
to the ventilation
to the ventilation s
>» Reroute the panel
to the ventilation sys
to the ventilation syste
>» Reroute the panel
to the ventilation system.
I,
I, I
to the ventilation system.
I, I d
I, I don
to the ventilation system.
I, I don't
I, I don't k
to the ventilation system.
I, I don't kno
I, I don't know
to the ventilation system.
I, I don't know wh
I, I don't know what
to the ventilation system.
I, I don't know what o
I, I don't know what oth
to the ventilation system.
I, I don't know what other
an
answ
I, I don't know what other
answer
answer y
I, I don't know what other
answer you
answer you w
I, I don't know what other
answer you wan
answer you want.
»>
»> N
answer you want.
»> Not
»> Nothi
answer you want.
»> Nothing
»> Nothing t
answer you want.
»> Nothing tha
»> Nothing that
answer you want.
»> Nothing that th
»> Nothing that the
answer you want.
»> Nothing that the Ad
»> Nothing that the Admi
answer you want.
»> Nothing that the Admira
»> Nothing that the Admiral
>» Nothing that the Admiral
ha
has
>» Nothing that the Admiral
has do
has done
>» Nothing that the Admiral
has done s
has done sin
>» Nothing that the Admiral
has done since
has done since h
>» Nothing that the Admiral
has done since he'
has done since he's
>» Nothing that the Admiral
has done since he's go
has done since he's got
>» Nothing that the Admiral
has done since he's got he
has done since he's got here
ha
has
has done since he's got here
has be
has been
has done since he's got here
has been o
has been out
has done since he's got here
has been out o
has been out of
has done since he's got here
has been out of al
has been out of altr
has done since he's got here
has been out of altrui
has been out of altruism
has done since he's got here
has been out of altruism.
»>
»> N
has been out of altruism.
»> Not
»> Not t
has been out of altruism.
»> Not tru
»> Not true.
>» Not true.
Th
That
>» Not true.
That i
That is
>» Not true.
That is no
That is not
>» Not true.
That is not tr
That is not true
>» Not true.
That is not true.
Th
The
That is not true.
The en
The enti
That is not true.
The entire
The entire m
That is not true.
The entire mis
The entire missi
That is not true.
The entire mission
The entire mission i
That is not true.
The entire mission is
to
to p
The entire mission is
to pre
to prese
The entire mission is
to preserv
to preserve
The entire mission is
to preserve th
to preserve the
The entire mission is
to preserve the hu
to preserve the huma
The entire mission is
to preserve the human
to preserve the human ra
The entire mission is
to preserve the human race
to preserve the human race.
>»
>» L
>» Loo
>» Look,
>» Look, u
>» Look, uh,
>» Look, uh, I
>» Look, uh, I k
>» Look, uh, I kno
>» Look, uh, I know
>» Look, uh, I know yo
>» Look, uh, I know you'
>» Look, uh, I know you're
pl
play
>» Look, uh, I know you're
playin
playing
>» Look, uh, I know you're
playing th
playing the
>» Look, uh, I know you're
playing the pa
playing the part
>» Look, uh, I know you're
playing the part o
playing the part of
>» Look, uh, I know you're
playing the part of th
playing the part of the
>» Look, uh, I know you're
playing the part of the co
playing the part of the comp
>» Look, uh, I know you're
playing the part of the compan
playing the part of the company
ma
man,
playing the part of the company
man, a
man, and
playing the part of the company
man, and i
man, and it'
playing the part of the company
man, and it's,
man, and it's, i
playing the part of the company
man, and it's, it'
man, and it's, it's
playing the part of the company
man, and it's, it's ve
man, and it's, it's very
ca
capt
man, and it's, it's very
captiv
captivat
man, and it's, it's very
captivatin
captivating,
man, and it's, it's very
captivating, b
captivating, but
man, and it's, it's very
captivating, but t
captivating, but the
man, and it's, it's very
captivating, but the A
captivating, but the Adm
man, and it's, it's very
captivating, but the Admir
captivating, but the Admiral
do
does
captivating, but the Admiral
doesn'
doesn't
captivating, but the Admiral
doesn't re
doesn't resp
captivating, but the Admiral
doesn't respec
doesn't respect
captivating, but the Admiral
doesn't respect yo
doesn't respect you,
captivating, but the Admiral
doesn't respect you, a
doesn't respect you, and
ev
ever
doesn't respect you, and
everyo
everyone
doesn't respect you, and
everyone c
everyone can
doesn't respect you, and
everyone can s
everyone can see
doesn't respect you, and
everyone can see i
everyone can see it.
So
So,
everyone can see it.
So, yo
So, you
everyone can see it.
So, you wa
So, you want
everyone can see it.
So, you want t
So, you want to
everyone can see it.
So, you want to le
So, you want to leve
everyone can see it.
So, you want to level
wi
with
So, you want to level
with m
with me,
So, you want to level
with me, o
with me, or
So, you want to level
with me, or wh
with me, or what
So, you want to level
with me, or what?
>»
>» T
>» The
>» The A
>» The Adm
>» The Admir
>» The Admiral
>» The Admiral,
>» The Admiral, he
>» The Admiral, he,
>» The Admiral, he, he
wa
wasn
>» The Admiral, he, he
wasn't
wasn't a
>» The Admiral, he, he
wasn't alw
wasn't alway
>» The Admiral, he, he
wasn't always
wasn't always th
>» The Admiral, he, he
wasn't always the
wasn't always the Ad
>» The Admiral, he, he
wasn't always the Admi
wasn't always the Admira
>» The Admiral, he, he
wasn't always the Admiral.
>»
>» A
>» Ant
>» Anton
>» Anton M
>» Anton Mil
>» Anton Miliu
>» Anton Milius
>» Anton Milius ha
>» Anton Milius has
>» Anton Milius has ea
>» Anton Milius has earn
>» Anton Milius has earned
>» Anton Milius has earned h
>» Anton Milius has earned his
st
stri
>» Anton Milius has earned his
stripe
stripes
>» Anton Milius has earned his
stripes by
stripes by k
>» Anton Milius has earned his
stripes by kee
stripes by keepi
>» Anton Milius has earned his
stripes by keeping
stripes by keeping u
>» Anton Milius has earned his
stripes by keeping us
stripes by keeping us al
>» Anton Milius has earned his
stripes by keeping us aliv
stripes by keeping us alive.
No
None
stripes by keeping us alive.
None o
None of
stripes by keeping us alive.
None of us
None of us w
stripes by keeping us alive.
None of us wou
None of us would
stripes by keeping us alive.
None of us would b
None of us would be
stripes by keeping us alive.
None of us would be he
None of us would be here
wi
with
None of us would be here
withou
without
None of us would be here
without hi
without him,
None of us would be here
without him, m
without him, mys
None of us would be here
without him, mysel
without him, myself
None of us would be here
without him, myself in
without him, myself incl
None of us would be here
without him, myself includ
without him, myself included
None of us would be here
without him, myself included.
Fo
Foll
without him, myself included.
Follow
Follow h
without him, myself included.
Follow his
Follow his o
without him, myself included.
Follow his ord
Follow his order
without him, myself included.
Follow his orders,
an
and
Follow his orders,
and yo
and you
Follow his orders,
and you wi
and you will
Follow his orders,
and you will s
and you will sur
Follow his orders,
and you will survi
and you will survive
Follow his orders,
and you will survive.
»>
»> T
and you will survive.
»> Tha
»> Thank
and you will survive.
»> Thank y
»> Thank you
and you will survive.
»> Thank you.
>» Thank you.
»>
»> M
>» Thank you.
»> Mm-
»> Mm-hm
>» Thank you.
»> Mm-hmm.
>» Mm-hmm.
»>
»> W
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Why
»> Why s
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Why sho
»> Why shoul
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Why should
»> Why should I
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Why should I tr
»> Why should I trus
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Why should I trust
»> Why should I trust an
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Why should I trust anyt
»> Why should I trust anythi
>» Mm-hmm.
»> Why should I trust anything
>» Why should I trust anything
co
comi
>» Why should I trust anything
coming
coming o
>» Why should I trust anything
coming out
coming out o
>» Why should I trust anything
coming out of
coming out of yo
>» Why should I trust anything
coming out of your
coming out of your m
>» Why should I trust anything
coming out of your mou
coming out of your mouth
>» Why should I trust anything
coming out of your mouth?
>» Because Melanie does.
(C
(Cla
(Clatt
(Clatter
(Clatter)
»>
»> A
(Clatter)
»> Ale
»> Alex,
(Clatter)
»> Alex, c
»> Alex, can
(Clatter)
»> Alex, can w
»> Alex, can we
(Clatter)
»> Alex, can we ha
»> Alex, can we have
(Clatter)
»> Alex, can we have a
»> Alex, can we have a m
(Clatter)
»> Alex, can we have a min
»> Alex, can we have a minut
(Clatter)
»> Alex, can we have a minute?
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»>
»> U
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»> Uh,
»> Uh, n
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»> Uh, no,
»> Uh, no, I
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»> Uh, no, I'm
»> Uh, no, I'm b
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»> Uh, no, I'm bus
»> Uh, no, I'm busy
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»> Uh, no, I'm busy ri
»> Uh, no, I'm busy righ
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»> Uh, no, I'm busy right
»> Uh, no, I'm busy right no
>» Alex, can we have a minute?
»> Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
>» Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
»>
»> W
>» Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
»> Wel
»> Well,
>» Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
»> Well, i
»> Well, it'
>» Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
»> Well, it'll
»> Well, it'll h
>» Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
»> Well, it'll hav
»> Well, it'll have
>» Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
»> Well, it'll have to
»> Well, it'll have to w
>» Uh, no, I'm busy right now.
»> Well, it'll have to wai
»> Well, it'll have to wait
>» Well, it'll have to wait
be
beca
>» Well, it'll have to wait
becaus
because
>» Well, it'll have to wait
because I
because I ne
>» Well, it'll have to wait
because I need
because I need t
>» Well, it'll have to wait
because I need to
because I need to un
>» Well, it'll have to wait
because I need to unde
because I need to unders
>» Well, it'll have to wait
because I need to understa
because I need to understand
if
if t
because I need to understand
if the
if there
because I need to understand
if there's
if there's a
because I need to understand
if there's any
if there's any w
because I need to understand
if there's any way
if there's any way t
because I need to understand
if there's any way tha
if there's any way that
because I need to understand
if there's any way that La
if there's any way that Layt
because I need to understand
if there's any way that Layton
ca
can
if there's any way that Layton
can ta
can take
if there's any way that Layton
can take t
can take the
if there's any way that Layton
can take the t
can take the tra
if there's any way that Layton
can take the train
can take the train.
»>
»> I
can take the train.
»> I w
»> I wou
can take the train.
»> I would
»> I would l
can take the train.
»> I would lov
»> I would love
can take the train.
»> I would love to
»> I would love to h
can take the train.
»> I would love to hel
»> I would love to help,
>» I would love to help,
Ru
Ruth
>» I would love to help,
Ruth,
Ruth, bu
>» I would love to help,
Ruth, but
Ruth, but no
>» I would love to help,
Ruth, but no.
»>
»> J
Ruth, but no.
»> Jav
»> Javi,
Ruth, but no.
»> Javi, c
»> Javi, can
Ruth, but no.
»> Javi, can y
»> Javi, can you
>» Javi, can you
ch
chim
>» Javi, can you
chime
chime in
>» Javi, can you
chime in,
chime in, pl
>» Javi, can you
chime in, plea
chime in, please
>» Javi, can you
chime in, please?
»>
»> A
chime in, please?
»> Ale
»> Alex,
chime in, please?
»> Alex, l
»> Alex, loo
chime in, please?
»> Alex, look.
»> Alex, look. I
chime in, please?
»> Alex, look. I w
»> Alex, look. I was
chime in, please?
»> Alex, look. I was t
»> Alex, look. I was thi
chime in, please?
»> Alex, look. I was think
»> Alex, look. I was thinkin
chime in, please?
»> Alex, look. I was thinking
>» Alex, look. I was thinking
wh
what
>» Alex, look. I was thinking
what i
what if
>» Alex, look. I was thinking
what if I
what if I re
>» Alex, look. I was thinking
what if I rero
what if I rerout
>» Alex, look. I was thinking
what if I reroute
what if I reroute th
>» Alex, look. I was thinking
what if I reroute the
what if I reroute the sy
>» Alex, look. I was thinking
what if I reroute the syst
what if I reroute the system
an
and
what if I reroute the system
and cr
and crea
what if I reroute the system
and create
and create a
what if I reroute the system
and create a n
and create a new
what if I reroute the system
and create a new c
and create a new clo
what if I reroute the system
and create a new close
and create a new closed
what if I reroute the system
and create a new closed lo
and create a new closed loop
fo
for
and create a new closed loop
for al
for all
and create a new closed loop
for all of
for all of o
and create a new closed loop
for all of our
for all of our a
and create a new closed loop
for all of our alt
for all of our alter
and create a new closed loop
for all of our alterna
for all of our alternati
and create a new closed loop
for all of our alternative
so
sour
for all of our alternative
source
sources?
»>
»> A
sources?
»> And
»> And d
sources?
»> And dra
»> And drain
sources?
»> And drain t
»> And drain the
sources?
»> And drain the b
»> And drain the bat
sources?
»> And drain the batte
»> And drain the battery
>» And drain the battery
ar
arra
>» And drain the battery
arrays
arrays i
>» And drain the battery
arrays in
arrays in th
>» And drain the battery
arrays in thre
arrays in three
>» And drain the battery
arrays in three da
arrays in three days
>» And drain the battery
arrays in three days?
»>
»> N
arrays in three days?
»> No!
»> No! N
arrays in three days?
»> No! Not
»> No! Not i
arrays in three days?
»> No! Not if
»> No! Not if I
arrays in three days?
»> No! Not if I pr
»> No! Not if I prio
arrays in three days?
»> No! Not if I priori
»> No! Not if I prioriti
arrays in three days?
»> No! Not if I prioritize
>» No! Not if I prioritize
th
the
>» No! Not if I prioritize
the ar
the arra
>» No! Not if I prioritize
the arrays
the arrays t
>» No! Not if I prioritize
the arrays to
the arrays to ke
>» No! Not if I prioritize
the arrays to keep
the arrays to keep t
>» No! Not if I prioritize
the arrays to keep the
ge
geot
the arrays to keep the
geothe
geotherm
the arrays to keep the
geothermal
geothermal t
the arrays to keep the
geothermal tur
geothermal turbi
the arrays to keep the
geothermal turbine
geothermal turbines
the arrays to keep the
geothermal turbines go
geothermal turbines goin
the arrays to keep the
geothermal turbines going.
An
And
geothermal turbines going.
And we
And we k
geothermal turbines going.
And we kee
And we keep
geothermal turbines going.
And we keep th
And we keep the
geothermal turbines going.
And we keep the to
And we keep the town
geothermal turbines going.
And we keep the town's
And we keep the town's u
geothermal turbines going.
And we keep the town's usa
And we keep the town's usage
to
to a
And we keep the town's usage
to a b
to a bar
And we keep the town's usage
to a bare
to a bare mi
And we keep the town's usage
to a bare mini
to a bare minimu
And we keep the town's usage
to a bare minimum.
»>
»> S
to a bare minimum.
»> So
»> So ba
to a bare minimum.
»> So basi
»> So basica
to a bare minimum.
»> So basicall
»> So basically
to a bare minimum.
»> So basically di
»> So basically dism
to a bare minimum.
»> So basically disman
»> So basically dismantl
to a bare minimum.
»> So basically dismantle
>» So basically dismantle
ev
ever
>» So basically dismantle
everyt
everythi
>» So basically dismantle
everything
everything I
>» So basically dismantle
everything I b
everything I bus
>» So basically dismantle
everything I buste
everything I busted
>» So basically dismantle
everything I busted my
everything I busted my a
>» So basically dismantle
everything I busted my ass
everything I busted my ass f
>» So basically dismantle
everything I busted my ass for
wh
when
everything I busted my ass for
when I
when I t
everything I busted my ass for
when I tur
when I turne
everything I busted my ass for
when I turned
when I turned Bi
everything I busted my ass for
when I turned Big
when I turned Big Al
everything I busted my ass for
when I turned Big Alic
when I turned Big Alice
in
into
when I turned Big Alice
into a
into a p
when I turned Big Alice
into a pow
into a power
when I turned Big Alice
into a power p
into a power pla
when I turned Big Alice
into a power plant
into a power plant?
»>
»> A
into a power plant?
»> Ale
»> Alex,
into a power plant?
»> Alex, p
»> Alex, ple
into a power plant?
»> Alex, pleas
»> Alex, please.
>» Alex, please.
Is
Is w
>» Alex, please.
Is wha
Is what
>» Alex, please.
Is what he
Is what he's
>» Alex, please.
Is what he's t
Is what he's tal
>» Alex, please.
Is what he's talki
Is what he's talking
>» Alex, please.
Is what he's talking a
Is what he's talking abo
>» Alex, please.
Is what he's talking about
po
poss
Is what he's talking about
possib
possible
Is what he's talking about
possible?
»>
»> U
possible?
»> Uh.
»> Uh...
possible?
»> Uh... h
»> Uh... he
possible?
»> Uh... he ca
»> Uh... he can
possible?
»> Uh... he can go
»> Uh... he can go c
possible?
»> Uh... he can go cru
»> Uh... he can go crunc
possible?
»> Uh... he can go crunch
>» Uh... he can go crunch
th
the
>» Uh... he can go crunch
the nu
the numb
>» Uh... he can go crunch
the number
the numbers,
>» Uh... he can go crunch
the numbers, I
the numbers, I g
>» Uh... he can go crunch
the numbers, I gue
the numbers, I guess
>» Uh... he can go crunch
the numbers, I guess.
I'
I'm
the numbers, I guess.
I'm go
I'm gonn
the numbers, I guess.
I'm gonna
I'm gonna go
the numbers, I guess.
I'm gonna go s
I'm gonna go see
the numbers, I guess.
I'm gonna go see a
I'm gonna go see abo
the numbers, I guess.
I'm gonna go see about
I'm gonna go see about a
the numbers, I guess.
I'm gonna go see about a b
I'm gonna go see about a bir
the numbers, I guess.
I'm gonna go see about a bird.
(D
(Doo
I'm gonna go see about a bird.
(Door
(Door th
I'm gonna go see about a bird.
(Door thud
(Door thuds)
»>
»> I
(Door thuds)
»> I n
»> I nev
(Door thuds)
»> I never
»> I never h
(Door thuds)
»> I never hav
»> I never have
(Door thuds)
»> I never have a
»> I never have a cl
(Door thuds)
»> I never have a clue
»> I never have a clue w
(Door thuds)
»> I never have a clue wit
»> I never have a clue with
(Door thuds)
»> I never have a clue with he
»> I never have a clue with her.
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You t
>» You tol
>» You told
>» You told me
>» You told me t
>» You told me to
>» You told me to wo
>» You told me to work
>» You told me to work f
>» You told me to work fas
>» You told me to work faste
>» You told me to work faster,
an
and,
>» You told me to work faster,
and, a
and, and
>» You told me to work faster,
and, and,
and, and, an
>» You told me to work faster,
and, and, and
and, and, and ye
>» You told me to work faster,
and, and, and yet
and, and, and yet he
>» You told me to work faster,
and, and, and yet here
and, and, and yet here I
>» You told me to work faster,
and, and, and yet here I a
and, and, and yet here I am
no
not
and, and, and yet here I am
not wo
not work
and, and, and yet here I am
not workin
not working
and, and, and yet here I am
not working at
not working at y
and, and, and yet here I am
not working at you
not working at your
and, and, and yet here I am
not working at your re
not working at your requ
and, and, and yet here I am
not working at your reques
not working at your request.
»>
»> L
not working at your request.
»> Loo
»> Look
not working at your request.
»> Look wh
»> Look who'
not working at your request.
»> Look who's
»> Look who's fi
not working at your request.
»> Look who's fina
»> Look who's finall
not working at your request.
»> Look who's finally
>» Look who's finally
gr
grow
>» Look who's finally
growin
growing
>» Look who's finally
growing a
growing a ba
>» Look who's finally
growing a back
growing a backbo
>» Look who's finally
growing a backbone
growing a backbone.
Wh
What
growing a backbone.
What d
What did
growing a backbone.
What did t
What did the
growing a backbone.
What did the E
What did the Eng
growing a backbone.
What did the Engin
What did the Enginee
growing a backbone.
What did the Engineer
What did the Engineer wa
growing a backbone.
What did the Engineer want
What did the Engineer want?
»>
»> J
What did the Engineer want?
»> Jus
»> Just
What did the Engineer want?
»> Just a
»> Just a qu
What did the Engineer want?
»> Just a ques
»> Just a questi
What did the Engineer want?
»> Just a question
>» Just a question
ab
abou
>» Just a question
about
about fe
>» Just a question
about fert
about fertil
>» Just a question
about fertiliz
about fertilizer
>» Just a question
about fertilizer v
about fertilizer vol
>» Just a question
about fertilizer volum
about fertilizer volume.
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's am
>» It's amaz
>» It's amazin
>» It's amazing
>» It's amazing th
>» It's amazing the
>» It's amazing the am
>» It's amazing the amou
>» It's amazing the amount
>» It's amazing the amount o
>» It's amazing the amount of
ar
artw
>» It's amazing the amount of
artwor
artwork
>» It's amazing the amount of
artwork th
artwork they
>» It's amazing the amount of
artwork they h
artwork they had
>» It's amazing the amount of
artwork they had i
artwork they had in
>» It's amazing the amount of
artwork they had in th
artwork they had in this
>» It's amazing the amount of
artwork they had in this p
artwork they had in this pla
>» It's amazing the amount of
artwork they had in this place
artwork they had in this place.
Wh
What
artwork they had in this place.
What d
What do
artwork they had in this place.
What do th
What do thin
artwork they had in this place.
What do think
What do think it
artwork they had in this place.
What do think it's
What do think it's w
artwork they had in this place.
What do think it's wor
What do think it's worth
artwork they had in this place.
What do think it's worth?
Oh
Oh,
What do think it's worth?
Oh, th
Oh, that
What do think it's worth?
Oh, that's
Oh, that's b
What do think it's worth?
Oh, that's bet
Oh, that's bette
What do think it's worth?
Oh, that's better.
»>
»> N
Oh, that's better.
»> Nim
»> Nima:
Oh, that's better.
»> Nima: U
»> Nima: Uh,
Oh, that's better.
»> Nima: Uh, w
»> Nima: Uh, wel
Oh, that's better.
»> Nima: Uh, well,
»> Nima: Uh, well, i
Oh, that's better.
»> Nima: Uh, well, if
»> Nima: Uh, well, if th
Oh, that's better.
»> Nima: Uh, well, if they
»> Nima: Uh, well, if they'r
Oh, that's better.
»> Nima: Uh, well, if they're
>» Nima: Uh, well, if they're
or
orig
>» Nima: Uh, well, if they're
origin
original
>» Nima: Uh, well, if they're
originals,
originals, m
>» Nima: Uh, well, if they're
originals, mil
originals, milli
>» Nima: Uh, well, if they're
originals, million
originals, millions.
»>
»> T
originals, millions.
»> The
»> They'
originals, millions.
»> They're
»> They're w
originals, millions.
»> They're wor
»> They're worth
originals, millions.
»> They're worth n
»> They're worth not
originals, millions.
»> They're worth nothi
»> They're worth nothing
originals, millions.
»> They're worth nothing.
>» They're worth nothing.
Un
Unle
>» They're worth nothing.
Unless
Unless i
>» They're worth nothing.
Unless it'
Unless it's
>» They're worth nothing.
Unless it's fr
Unless it's free
>» They're worth nothing.
Unless it's freezi
Unless it's freezing
>» They're worth nothing.
Unless it's freezing i
Unless it's freezing in
>» They're worth nothing.
Unless it's freezing in he
Unless it's freezing in here
>» They're worth nothing.
Unless it's freezing in here,
an
and
Unless it's freezing in here,
and we
and we c
Unless it's freezing in here,
and we can
and we can b
Unless it's freezing in here,
and we can bur
and we can burn
Unless it's freezing in here,
and we can burn th
and we can burn them
to
to s
and we can burn them
to sta
to stay
and we can burn them
to stay al
to stay aliv
and we can burn them
to stay alive.
It
It d
to stay alive.
It doe
It doesn
to stay alive.
It doesn't
It doesn't m
to stay alive.
It doesn't mat
It doesn't matte
to stay alive.
It doesn't matter
It doesn't matter if
it
it's
It doesn't matter if
it's R
it's Rem
It doesn't matter if
it's Rembr
it's Rembran
It doesn't matter if
it's Rembrandt
it's Rembrandts,
It doesn't matter if
it's Rembrandts, P
it's Rembrandts, Pic
It doesn't matter if
it's Rembrandts, Picas
it's Rembrandts, Picasso
It doesn't matter if
it's Rembrandts, Picassos,
or
or y
it's Rembrandts, Picassos,
or you
or your
it's Rembrandts, Picassos,
or your fa
or your fami
it's Rembrandts, Picassos,
or your family
or your family a
it's Rembrandts, Picassos,
or your family alb
or your family album
it's Rembrandts, Picassos,
or your family albums.
It
It's
or your family albums.
It's a
It's abo
or your family albums.
It's about
It's about p
or your family albums.
It's about pri
It's about prior
or your family albums.
It's about priorit
It's about prioritie
or your family albums.
It's about priorities.
Wh
When
It's about priorities.
When t
When the
It's about priorities.
When the w
When the wor
It's about priorities.
When the world
When the world i
It's about priorities.
When the world is
When the world is st
It's about priorities.
When the world is star
When the world is starvi
It's about priorities.
When the world is starving
When the world is starving,
yo
you
When the world is starving,
you do
you don'
When the world is starving,
you don't
you don't na
When the world is starving,
you don't name
you don't name t
When the world is starving,
you don't name the
you don't name the l
When the world is starving,
you don't name the lob
you don't name the lobst
When the world is starving,
you don't name the lobster
you don't name the lobsters
in
in t
you don't name the lobsters
in the
in the t
you don't name the lobsters
in the tan
in the tank.
Do
Do y
in the tank.
Do you
Do you u
in the tank.
Do you und
Do you under
in the tank.
Do you underst
Do you understan
in the tank.
Do you understand
Do you understand me
in the tank.
Do you understand me,
Do you understand me, Do
in the tank.
Do you understand me, Doct
Do you understand me, Doctor
in the tank.
Do you understand me, Doctor?
Lo
Look
Do you understand me, Doctor?
Look a
Look at
Do you understand me, Doctor?
Look at me
Look at me.
If
If T
If Til
If Till
If Till an
If Till and
If Till and th
If Till and the
If Till and the En
If Till and the Engi
If Till and the Engine
If Till and the Engineer
we
were
If Till and the Engineer
were u
were up
If Till and the Engineer
were up to
were up to s
If Till and the Engineer
were up to som
were up to somet
If Till and the Engineer
were up to somethi
were up to something
If Till and the Engineer
were up to something,
yo
you'
were up to something,
you'd
you'd te
were up to something,
you'd tell
you'd tell m
were up to something,
you'd tell me,
you'd tell me, r
were up to something,
you'd tell me, rig
you'd tell me, right
were up to something,
you'd tell me, right?
»>
»> U
you'd tell me, right?
»> Uh,
»> Uh, u
you'd tell me, right?
»> Uh, uh,
»> Uh, uh, I
you'd tell me, right?
»> Uh, uh, I,
»> Uh, uh, I, I,
you'd tell me, right?
»> Uh, uh, I, I, I
»> Uh, uh, I, I, I w
you'd tell me, right?
»> Uh, uh, I, I, I wou
»> Uh, uh, I, I, I would
you'd tell me, right?
»> Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn'
»> Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
>» Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
do
do a
>» Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
do any
do anyth
>» Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
do anythin
do anything
>» Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
do anything to
do anything to j
>» Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
do anything to jeo
do anything to jeopa
>» Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
do anything to jeopard
do anything to jeopardiz
>» Uh, uh, I, I, I wouldn't
do anything to jeopardize
th
the
do anything to jeopardize
the mi
the miss
do anything to jeopardize
the missio
the mission.
»>
»> T
the mission.
»> Tha
»> That'
the mission.
»> That's
»> That's no
the mission.
»> That's not
»> That's not an
the mission.
»> That's not an a
»> That's not an ans
the mission.
»> That's not an answe
»> That's not an answer
>» That's not an answer
to
to m
>» That's not an answer
to my
to my qu
>» That's not an answer
to my ques
to my questi
>» That's not an answer
to my question
to my question.
»>
»> Y
to my question.
»> Yes
»> Yes,
to my question.
»> Yes, si
»> Yes, sir,
>» Yes, sir,
I
I wo
>» Yes, sir,
I woul
I would
>» Yes, sir,
I would te
I would tell
>» Yes, sir,
I would tell y
I would tell you
>» Yes, sir,
I would tell you.
»>
»> G
I would tell you.
»> Goo
»> Good.
>» Good.
Th
That
>» Good.
That's
That's r
>» Good.
That's rea
That's reall
>» Good.
That's really
That's really go
>» Good.
That's really good
That's really good.
♪
You're dismissed.
(Music intensifies)
(Indistinct chatter)
(T
(Thu
(Thud)
»>
»> W
(Thud)
»> We'
»> We're
(Thud)
»> We're t
»> We're tak
(Thud)
»> We're takin
»> We're taking
(Thud)
»> We're taking th
»> We're taking the
(Thud)
»> We're taking the tr
»> We're taking the trai
(Thud)
»> We're taking the train.
>» We're taking the train.
»>
»> (
>» We're taking the train.
»> (Ex
»> (Excl
>» We're taking the train.
»> (Exclai
»> (Exclaims
>» We're taking the train.
»> (Exclaims)
>» (Exclaims)
La
Layt
>» (Exclaims)
Layton
Layton,
>» (Exclaims)
Layton, yo
Layton, you
>» (Exclaims)
Layton, you tr
Layton, you tryi
>» (Exclaims)
Layton, you trying
Layton, you trying t
>» (Exclaims)
Layton, you trying to
gi
give
Layton, you trying to
give m
give me
Layton, you trying to
give me a
give me a he
Layton, you trying to
give me a hear
give me a heart
Layton, you trying to
give me a heart at
give me a heart atta
Layton, you trying to
give me a heart attack
give me a heart attack?
»>
»> C
give me a heart attack?
»> Com
»> Come
give me a heart attack?
»> Come on
»> Come on,
give me a heart attack?
»> Come on, ma
»> Come on, man.
give me a heart attack?
»> Come on, man. W
»> Come on, man. We
give me a heart attack?
»> Come on, man. We go
»> Come on, man. We gott
give me a heart attack?
»> Come on, man. We gotta
»> Come on, man. We gotta go
give me a heart attack?
»> Come on, man. We gotta go.
>» Come on, man. We gotta go.
»>
»> J
>» Come on, man. We gotta go.
»> Jav
»> Javi:
>» Come on, man. We gotta go.
»> Javi: Y
»> Javi: Yea
>» Come on, man. We gotta go.
»> Javi: Yeah,
»> Javi: Yeah, d
>» Come on, man. We gotta go.
»> Javi: Yeah, did
»> Javi: Yeah, did R
>» Come on, man. We gotta go.
»> Javi: Yeah, did Rut
»> Javi: Yeah, did Ruth
>» Javi: Yeah, did Ruth
gi
give
>» Javi: Yeah, did Ruth
give y
give you
>» Javi: Yeah, did Ruth
give you t
give you the
>» Javi: Yeah, did Ruth
give you the p
give you the pla
>» Javi: Yeah, did Ruth
give you the play?
»>
»> I
give you the play?
»> I'm
»> I'm d
give you the play?
»> I'm don
»> I'm done
give you the play?
»> I'm done as
»> I'm done aski
give you the play?
»> I'm done asking
»> I'm done asking p
give you the play?
»> I'm done asking per
»> I'm done asking permi
give you the play?
»> I'm done asking permiss
»> I'm done asking permissio
give you the play?
»> I'm done asking permission.
>» I'm done asking permission.
»>
»> I
>» I'm done asking permission.
»> I'm
»> I'm s
>» I'm done asking permission.
»> I'm sor
»> I'm sorry
>» I'm done asking permission.
»> I'm sorry,
»> I'm sorry, I
>» I'm done asking permission.
»> I'm sorry, I ca
»> I'm sorry, I can'
>» I'm done asking permission.
»> I'm sorry, I can't
»> I'm sorry, I can't go
>» I'm sorry, I can't go
ar
arou
>» I'm sorry, I can't go
around
around R
>» I'm sorry, I can't go
around Rut
around Ruth
>» I'm sorry, I can't go
around Ruth an
around Ruth and
>» I'm sorry, I can't go
around Ruth and th
around Ruth and the
>» I'm sorry, I can't go
around Ruth and the co
around Ruth and the coun
>» I'm sorry, I can't go
around Ruth and the counci
around Ruth and the council.
»>
»> Y
around Ruth and the council.
»> Yes
»> Yes,
around Ruth and the council.
»> Yes, yo
»> Yes, you
around Ruth and the council.
»> Yes, you ca
»> Yes, you can.
>» Yes, you can.
Yo
You
>» Yes, you can.
You ju
You just
>» Yes, you can.
You just d
You just don
>» Yes, you can.
You just don't
You just don't w
>» Yes, you can.
You just don't wan
You just don't want
>» Yes, you can.
You just don't want to
You just don't want to.
Ju
Just
You just don't want to.
Just l
Just lik
You just don't want to.
Just like
Just like I
You just don't want to.
Just like I kn
Just like I know
You just don't want to.
Just like I know y
Just like I know you
You just don't want to.
Just like I know you c
Just like I know you can
You just don't want to.
Just like I know you can f
Just like I know you can fin
You just don't want to.
Just like I know you can find
a
a so
Just like I know you can find
a solu
a soluti
Just like I know you can find
a solution
a solution f
Just like I know you can find
a solution for
a solution for t
Just like I know you can find
a solution for thi
a solution for this
Just like I know you can find
a solution for this po
a solution for this powe
Just like I know you can find
a solution for this power
a solution for this power is
Just like I know you can find
a solution for this power issu
a solution for this power issue.
»>
»> L
a solution for this power issue.
»> Lis
»> Liste
a solution for this power issue.
»> Listen,
»> Listen, I
a solution for this power issue.
»> Listen, I w
»> Listen, I wan
a solution for this power issue.
»> Listen, I want
»> Listen, I want to
a solution for this power issue.
»> Listen, I want to h
»> Listen, I want to hel
a solution for this power issue.
»> Listen, I want to help
»> Listen, I want to help yo
a solution for this power issue.
»> Listen, I want to help you,
>» Listen, I want to help you,
I
I do
>» Listen, I want to help you,
I do,
I do, bu
>» Listen, I want to help you,
I do, but
I do, but Al
>» Listen, I want to help you,
I do, but Alex
I do, but Alex s
>» Listen, I want to help you,
I do, but Alex sai
I do, but Alex said
>» Listen, I want to help you,
I do, but Alex said th
I do, but Alex said that
>» Listen, I want to help you,
I do, but Alex said that--
»>
»> A
I do, but Alex said that--
»> Ale
»> Alex'
I do, but Alex said that--
»> Alex's
»> Alex's wo
I do, but Alex said that--
»> Alex's word
»> Alex's word i
I do, but Alex said that--
»> Alex's word is
»> Alex's word is no
I do, but Alex said that--
»> Alex's word is not
»> Alex's word is not la
I do, but Alex said that--
»> Alex's word is not law.
>» Alex's word is not law.
Yo
You'
>» Alex's word is not law.
You've
You've g
>» Alex's word is not law.
You've got
You've got s
>» Alex's word is not law.
You've got ski
You've got skill
>» Alex's word is not law.
You've got skills,
You've got skills, m
>» Alex's word is not law.
You've got skills, man
You've got skills, man,
>» Alex's word is not law.
You've got skills, man, yo
You've got skills, man, you'
>» Alex's word is not law.
You've got skills, man, you've
go
got
You've got skills, man, you've
got ta
got tale
You've got skills, man, you've
got talent
got talent,
You've got skills, man, you've
got talent, ju
got talent, just
You've got skills, man, you've
got talent, just l
got talent, just lik
You've got skills, man, you've
got talent, just like
got talent, just like he
You've got skills, man, you've
got talent, just like her.
Yo
You
got talent, just like her.
You kn
You know
got talent, just like her.
You know w
You know wha
got talent, just like her.
You know what
You know what yo
got talent, just like her.
You know what you
You know what you ca
got talent, just like her.
You know what you can
You know what you can do
got talent, just like her.
You know what you can do h
You know what you can do her
got talent, just like her.
You know what you can do here.
So
So d
You know what you can do here.
So do
So do it
You know what you can do here.
So do it.
»>
»> N
So do it.
»> No,
»> No, I
So do it.
»> No, I d
»> No, I don
So do it.
»> No, I don't
»> No, I don't k
So do it.
»> No, I don't kno
»> No, I don't know,
So do it.
»> No, I don't know, m
»> No, I don't know, man
So do it.
»> No, I don't know, man.
>» No, I don't know, man.
»>
»> J
>» No, I don't know, man.
»> Jav
»> Javi.
>» Javi.
My
My g
>» Javi.
My gir
My girl
>» Javi.
My girl is
My girl is o
>» Javi.
My girl is out
My girl is out t
>» Javi.
My girl is out the
My girl is out there
>» Javi.
My girl is out there s
My girl is out there som
>» Javi.
My girl is out there somew
My girl is out there somewhe
>» Javi.
My girl is out there somewhere
My girl is out there somewhere.
I
I ne
My girl is out there somewhere.
I need
I need y
My girl is out there somewhere.
I need you
I need you t
My girl is out there somewhere.
I need you to
I need you to st
My girl is out there somewhere.
I need you to step
I need you to step u
My girl is out there somewhere.
I need you to step up
I need you to step up ri
My girl is out there somewhere.
I need you to step up righ
I need you to step up right
My girl is out there somewhere.
I need you to step up right no
I need you to step up right now.
♪
You gon' do this or not?
(L
(Lig
(Light
(Light m
(Light mus
(Light music
(Light music)
♪
>» Hey Josie.
Ar
Are
Are yo
Are you
Are you ok
Are you okay
Are you okay?
»>
»> U
Are you okay?
»> Uh,
»> Uh, y
Are you okay?
»> Uh, yea
»> Uh, yeah-
Are you okay?
»> Uh, yeah--
»> Uh, yeah-- no
Are you okay?
»> Uh, yeah-- no--
»> Uh, yeah-- no-- y
Are you okay?
»> Uh, yeah-- no-- yes
»> Uh, yeah-- no-- yes,
Are you okay?
»> Uh, yeah-- no-- yes, um
»> Uh, yeah-- no-- yes, um..
Are you okay?
»> Uh, yeah-- no-- yes, um...
>» Uh, yeah-- no-- yes, um...
No
Not
>» Uh, yeah-- no-- yes, um...
Not re
Not real
>» Uh, yeah-- no-- yes, um...
Not really
Not really.
»>
»> I
Not really.
»> Is
»> Is it
Not really.
»> Is it L
»> Is it Lia
Not really.
»> Is it Liana
»> Is it Liana?
♪
(Sobs)
>»
>» Y
>» Yea
>» Yeah.
Ye
Yeah
>» Yeah.
Yeah,
Yeah, Li
>» Yeah.
Yeah, Lian
Yeah, Liana.
♪
Za
Zara
Zarah.
La
Layt
Zarah.
Layton
Layton.
Ju
Just
Layton.
Just--
Just-- s
Layton.
Just-- sor
Just-- sorry
Layton.
Just-- sorry.
I
I di
Just-- sorry.
I didn
I didn't
Just-- sorry.
I didn't m
I didn't mea
Just-- sorry.
I didn't mean
I didn't mean to
Just-- sorry.
I didn't mean to..
I didn't mean to...
»>
»> I
I didn't mean to...
»> It'
»> It's
I didn't mean to...
»> It's ok
»> It's okay
I didn't mean to...
»> It's okay.
♪
(Sniffing)
(Clamouring)
>»
>» W
>» We
>» We ca
>» We can'
>» We can't
>» We can't un
>» We can't unho
>» We can't unhook
>» We can't unhook A
>» We can't unhook Ali
>» We can't unhook Alice
>» We can't unhook Alice u
>» We can't unhook Alice unt
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we
we r
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we rer
we rerou
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we reroute
we reroute t
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we reroute the
we reroute the b
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we reroute the bat
we reroute the batte
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we reroute the battery
we reroute the battery a
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we reroute the battery arr
we reroute the battery array
>» We can't unhook Alice until
we reroute the battery arrays
ar
arou
we reroute the battery arrays
around
around t
we reroute the battery arrays
around tow
around town,
we reroute the battery arrays
around town, f
around town, fee
we reroute the battery arrays
around town, feed
around town, feed th
we reroute the battery arrays
around town, feed them
in
into
around town, feed them
into g
into geo
around town, feed them
into geoth
into geother
around town, feed them
into geotherma
into geothermal.
»>
»> F
into geothermal.
»> Fin
»> Fine.
into geothermal.
»> Fine. W
»> Fine. Whe
into geothermal.
»> Fine. Where
»> Fine. Where t
into geothermal.
»> Fine. Where to
»> Fine. Where to fi
into geothermal.
»> Fine. Where to firs
»> Fine. Where to first?
>» Fine. Where to first?
(S
(Sig
>» Fine. Where to first?
(Sighs
(Sighs)
»>
»> E
(Sighs)
»> Exa
»> Exact
(Sighs)
»> Exactly
»> Exactly w
(Sighs)
»> Exactly whe
»> Exactly where
>» Exactly where
I
I do
>» Exactly where
I don'
I don't
>» Exactly where
I don't wa
I don't want
>» Exactly where
I don't want t
I don't want to
>» Exactly where
I don't want to go
I don't want to go.
♪
>»
>» D
>» Don
>» Don't
>» Don't c
>» Don't com
>» Don't come
>» Don't come ou
>» Don't come out
un
unti
>» Don't come out
until
until yo
>» Don't come out
until you
until you ar
>» Don't come out
until you are
until you are do
>» Don't come out
until you are done
until you are done.
♪
>»
>» I
>» If
>» If we
>» If we'r
>» If we're
>» If we're di
>» If we're disp
>» If we're disper
>» If we're dispersi
>» If we're dispersing
th
the
>» If we're dispersing
the fe
the fert
>» If we're dispersing
the fertil
the fertiliz
>» If we're dispersing
the fertilizer
the fertilizer i
>» If we're dispersing
the fertilizer in
the fertilizer in th
>» If we're dispersing
the fertilizer in the
the fertilizer in the ne
>» If we're dispersing
the fertilizer in the next
the fertilizer in the next c
>» If we're dispersing
the fertilizer in the next car
the fertilizer in the next car,
wh
why
the fertilizer in the next car,
why is
why is t
the fertilizer in the next car,
why is thi
why is this
the fertilizer in the next car,
why is this co
why is this cont
the fertilizer in the next car,
why is this contro
why is this control
the fertilizer in the next car,
why is this control pa
why is this control pane
the fertilizer in the next car,
why is this control panel
why is this control panel he
the fertilizer in the next car,
why is this control panel here
why is this control panel here?
»>
»> L
why is this control panel here?
»> Loo
»> Looks
why is this control panel here?
»> Looks b
»> Looks bra
why is this control panel here?
»> Looks brand
»> Looks brand n
why is this control panel here?
»> Looks brand new
»> Looks brand new.
♪
(Buzzer)
>»
>» H
>» Hol
>» Holy
>» Holy sh
>» Holy shit
>» Holy shit.
Ma
Mayb
>» Holy shit.
Maybe
Maybe th
>» Holy shit.
Maybe ther
Maybe there
>» Holy shit.
Maybe there is
Maybe there is a
>» Holy shit.
Maybe there is a v
Maybe there is a ven
>» Holy shit.
Maybe there is a venti
Maybe there is a ventila
>» Holy shit.
Maybe there is a ventilati
Maybe there is a ventilation
is
issu
Maybe there is a ventilation
issue
issue he
Maybe there is a ventilation
issue here
issue here.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Why
>» Why i
>» Why is
>» Why is th
>» Why is this
>» Why is this p
>» Why is this pan
>» Why is this panel
>» Why is this panel r
>» Why is this panel rip
>» Why is this panel rippe
>» Why is this panel ripped
>» Why is this panel ripped ou
>» Why is this panel ripped out?
»>
»> C
>» Why is this panel ripped out?
»> Cou
»> Could
>» Why is this panel ripped out?
»> Could b
»> Could be
>» Why is this panel ripped out?
»> Could be ho
»> Could be how
>» Why is this panel ripped out?
»> Could be how th
»> Could be how that
>» Why is this panel ripped out?
»> Could be how that g
»> Could be how that guy
>» Could be how that guy
go
got
>» Could be how that guy
got el
got elec
>» Could be how that guy
got electr
got electroc
>» Could be how that guy
got electrocut
got electrocuted
>» Could be how that guy
got electrocuted.
♪
>» It's possible.
>»
>» T
>» The
>» They
>» They pu
>» They put
>» They put us
>» They put us i
>» They put us in
>» They put us in th
>» They put us in the
>» They put us in the la
>» They put us in the last
>» They put us in the last c
>» They put us in the last car
>» They put us in the last car.
Th
This
>» They put us in the last car.
This w
This who
>» They put us in the last car.
This whole
This whole j
>» They put us in the last car.
This whole job
co
coul
This whole job
could
could ju
This whole job
could just
could just b
This whole job
could just be
could just be a
This whole job
could just be a pl
could just be a ploy
This whole job
could just be a ploy.
Th
They
could just be a ploy.
They c
They cou
could just be a ploy.
They could
They could f
could just be a ploy.
They could fre
They could freez
could just be a ploy.
They could freeze
They could freeze us
could just be a ploy.
They could freeze us o
They could freeze us out
or
or s
They could freeze us out
or shu
or shunt
They could freeze us out
or shunt u
or shunt us
They could freeze us out
or shunt us of
or shunt us off
They could freeze us out
or shunt us off ri
or shunt us off righ
They could freeze us out
or shunt us off right
or shunt us off right no
They could freeze us out
or shunt us off right now.
»>
»> N
or shunt us off right now.
»> No,
»> No, i
or shunt us off right now.
»> No, if
»> No, if Mi
or shunt us off right now.
»> No, if Mili
»> No, if Milius
or shunt us off right now.
»> No, if Milius w
»> No, if Milius wan
or shunt us off right now.
»> No, if Milius wante
»> No, if Milius wanted
or shunt us off right now.
»> No, if Milius wanted us
»> No, if Milius wanted us d
or shunt us off right now.
»> No, if Milius wanted us dea
»> No, if Milius wanted us dead,
>» No, if Milius wanted us dead,
he
he w
>» No, if Milius wanted us dead,
he wou
he would
>» No, if Milius wanted us dead,
he would h
he would hav
>» No, if Milius wanted us dead,
he would have
do
done
he would have
done i
done it
he would have
done it mo
done it mont
he would have
done it months
done it months a
he would have
done it months ago
done it months ago.
He
He n
done it months ago.
He nee
He needs
done it months ago.
He needs u
He needs us
done it months ago.
He needs us to
He needs us to d
done it months ago.
He needs us to do
He needs us to do th
done it months ago.
He needs us to do this
He needs us to do this w
done it months ago.
He needs us to do this wor
He needs us to do this work.
»>
»> S
He needs us to do this work.
»> So,
»> So, w
He needs us to do this work.
»> So, wha
»> So, what'
He needs us to do this work.
»> So, what's
»> So, what's hi
He needs us to do this work.
»> So, what's his
>» So, what's his
re
real
>» So, what's his
real g
real gam
>» So, what's his
real game
real game he
>» So, what's his
real game here
real game here?
»>
»> I
real game here?
»> I d
»> I don
real game here?
»> I don't
»> I don't k
real game here?
»> I don't kno
»> I don't know.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Ah,
>» Ah, s
>» Ah, shi
>» Ah, shit,
th
this
>» Ah, shit,
this i
this is
>» Ah, shit,
this is no
this is not
>» Ah, shit,
this is not wo
this is not work
>» Ah, shit,
this is not workin
this is not working.
»>
»> Y
this is not working.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
this is not working.
»> Yeah, o
»> Yeah, or
this is not working.
»> Yeah, or yo
»> Yeah, or you'
this is not working.
»> Yeah, or you're
»> Yeah, or you're s
this is not working.
»> Yeah, or you're sen
»> Yeah, or you're sendi
this is not working.
»> Yeah, or you're sending
»> Yeah, or you're sending o
this is not working.
»> Yeah, or you're sending out
>» Yeah, or you're sending out
a
a di
>» Yeah, or you're sending out
a dist
a distre
>» Yeah, or you're sending out
a distress
a distress s
>» Yeah, or you're sending out
a distress sig
a distress signa
>» Yeah, or you're sending out
a distress signal.
Fi
Fix
a distress signal.
Fix it
Fix it.
a distress signal.
Fix it. No
Fix it. Now.
»>
»> J
Fix it. Now.
»> Jav
»> Javi:
Fix it. Now.
»> Javi: W
»> Javi: Wel
Fix it. Now.
»> Javi: Well,
»> Javi: Well, I
Fix it. Now.
»> Javi: Well, I'm
»> Javi: Well, I'm t
Fix it. Now.
»> Javi: Well, I'm try
»> Javi: Well, I'm tryin
Fix it. Now.
»> Javi: Well, I'm trying.
>» Javi: Well, I'm trying.
Th
Ther
>» Javi: Well, I'm trying.
There.
There. F
>» Javi: Well, I'm trying.
There. Fir
There. First
>» Javi: Well, I'm trying.
There. First o
There. First one
>» Javi: Well, I'm trying.
There. First one r
There. First one rer
>» Javi: Well, I'm trying.
There. First one rerou
There. First one reroute
>» Javi: Well, I'm trying.
There. First one rerouted.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wha
>» What
>» What ar
>» What are
>» What are yo
>» What are you
>» What are you do
>» What are you doin
>» What are you doing
>» What are you doing he
>» What are you doing here
>» What are you doing here?
Ja
Javi
>» What are you doing here?
Javi?
»>
»> J
Javi?
»> Jav
»> Javi:
Javi?
»> Javi: Y
»> Javi: Yea
Javi?
»> Javi: Yeah.
>» Javi: Yeah.
»>
»> W
>» Javi: Yeah.
»> Wha
»> What'
>» Javi: Yeah.
»> What's
»> What's go
>» Javi: Yeah.
»> What's goin
»> What's going
>» Javi: Yeah.
»> What's going on
»> What's going on?
>» What's going on?
»>
»> I
>» What's going on?
»> I,
»> I, wa
>» What's going on?
»> I, was,
»> I, was, j
>» What's going on?
»> I, was, jus
»> I, was, just,
>» What's going on?
»> I, was, just, u
»> I, was, just, uh,
>» I, was, just, uh,
ru
runn
>» I, was, just, uh,
runnin
running
>» I, was, just, uh,
running so
running some
>» I, was, just, uh,
running some d
running some dia
>» I, was, just, uh,
running some diagn
running some diagnos
>» I, was, just, uh,
running some diagnosti
running some diagnostic
>» I, was, just, uh,
running some diagnostic te
running some diagnostic test
>» I, was, just, uh,
running some diagnostic tests
an
and
running some diagnostic tests
and I
and I ca
running some diagnostic tests
and I caus
and I caused
running some diagnostic tests
and I caused a
and I caused a s
running some diagnostic tests
and I caused a sur
and I caused a surge
running some diagnostic tests
and I caused a surge.
So
Sorr
and I caused a surge.
Sorry.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You s
>» You sai
>» You said
>» You said yo
>» You said you
>» You said you we
>» You said you were
>» You said you were d
>» You said you were don
>» You said you were done
te
test
>» You said you were done
testin
testing
>» You said you were done
testing la
testing last
>» You said you were done
testing last w
testing last wee
>» You said you were done
testing last week.
»>
»> Y
testing last week.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
testing last week.
»> Yeah, w
»> Yeah, wel
testing last week.
»> Yeah, well,
»> Yeah, well, h
testing last week.
»> Yeah, well, he
»> Yeah, well, he wa
testing last week.
»> Yeah, well, he wasn
»> Yeah, well, he wasn't
testing last week.
»> Yeah, well, he wasn't.
>» Yeah, well, he wasn't.
An
And
>» Yeah, well, he wasn't.
And a
And a co
>» Yeah, well, he wasn't.
And a coun
And a counci
>» Yeah, well, he wasn't.
And a council
And a council me
>» Yeah, well, he wasn't.
And a council memb
And a council member
>» Yeah, well, he wasn't.
And a council member d
And a council member doe
>» Yeah, well, he wasn't.
And a council member doesn
And a council member doesn't
ha
have
And a council member doesn't
have t
have to
And a council member doesn't
have to ju
have to just
And a council member doesn't
have to justif
have to justify
And a council member doesn't
have to justify hi
have to justify his
And a council member doesn't
have to justify his ac
have to justify his acti
And a council member doesn't
have to justify his action
have to justify his actions
to
to a
have to justify his actions
to any
to anybo
have to justify his actions
to anybody
to anybody.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You a
>» You alw
>» You alway
>» You always
>» You always gi
>» You always give
>» You always give m
>» You always give me
>» You always give me a
>» You always give me a wa
>» You always give me a warn
>» You always give me a warnin
>» You always give me a warning.
Di
Did
>» You always give me a warning.
Did Ru
Did Ruth
>» You always give me a warning.
Did Ruth o
Did Ruth oka
>» You always give me a warning.
Did Ruth okay
Did Ruth okay th
>» You always give me a warning.
Did Ruth okay this
Did Ruth okay this?
»>
»> Y
Did Ruth okay this?
»> Yes
»> Yes.
Did Ruth okay this?
»> Yes. Sh
»> Yes. She
Did Ruth okay this?
»> Yes. She is
»> Yes. She is t
Did Ruth okay this?
»> Yes. She is the
»> Yes. She is the o
Did Ruth okay this?
»> Yes. She is the one
>» Yes. She is the one
wh
who
>» Yes. She is the one
who as
who aske
>» Yes. She is the one
who asked
who asked hi
>» Yes. She is the one
who asked him
who asked him to
>» Yes. She is the one
who asked him to d
who asked him to do
>» Yes. She is the one
who asked him to do it
who asked him to do it.
Ja
Javi
who asked him to do it.
Javi,
Javi, ca
who asked him to do it.
Javi, can
Javi, can we
who asked him to do it.
Javi, can we g
Javi, can we get
who asked him to do it.
Javi, can we get t
Javi, can we get thi
who asked him to do it.
Javi, can we get this
Javi, can we get this dr
who asked him to do it.
Javi, can we get this drin
Javi, can we get this drink
who asked him to do it.
Javi, can we get this drink no
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»>
»> S
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»> Sor
»> Sorry
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»> Sorry a
»> Sorry abo
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»> Sorry about
»> Sorry about t
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»> Sorry about the
»> Sorry about the c
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»> Sorry about the con
»> Sorry about the confu
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»> Sorry about the confusi
»> Sorry about the confusion
Javi, can we get this drink now?
»> Sorry about the confusion.
♪
(Rock music)
>»
>» I
>» I'l
>» I'll
>» I'll ha
>» I'll have
>» I'll have w
>» I'll have wha
>» I'll have what
>» I'll have what he
>» I'll have what he's
>» I'll have what he's h
>» I'll have what he's hav
>» I'll have what he's havin
>» I'll have what he's having.
»>
»> S
>» I'll have what he's having.
»> So,
»> So, y
>» I'll have what he's having.
»> So, you
»> So, you f
>» I'll have what he's having.
»> So, you fin
»> So, you final
>» I'll have what he's having.
»> So, you finally
»> So, you finally d
>» I'll have what he's having.
»> So, you finally dec
»> So, you finally decid
>» I'll have what he's having.
»> So, you finally decided
»> So, you finally decided t
>» I'll have what he's having.
»> So, you finally decided to
>» So, you finally decided to
co
come
>» So, you finally decided to
come d
come dow
>» So, you finally decided to
come down
come down fr
>» So, you finally decided to
come down from
come down from t
>» So, you finally decided to
come down from the
come down from the m
>» So, you finally decided to
come down from the mou
come down from the mount
>» So, you finally decided to
come down from the mountai
come down from the mountain
>» So, you finally decided to
come down from the mountain an
come down from the mountain and
mi
ming
come down from the mountain and
mingle
mingle w
come down from the mountain and
mingle wit
mingle with
come down from the mountain and
mingle with th
mingle with the
come down from the mountain and
mingle with the ho
mingle with the hoi
come down from the mountain and
mingle with the hoi po
mingle with the hoi poll
come down from the mountain and
mingle with the hoi polloi
mingle with the hoi polloi,
come down from the mountain and
mingle with the hoi polloi, hu
mingle with the hoi polloi, huh?
»>
»> Y
mingle with the hoi polloi, huh?
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
Ju
Just
>» Yeah.
Just r
Just rem
>» Yeah.
Just remin
Just reminds
>» Yeah.
Just reminds m
Just reminds me
>» Yeah.
Just reminds me of
Just reminds me of w
>» Yeah.
Just reminds me of why
Just reminds me of why I
>» Yeah.
Just reminds me of why I m
Just reminds me of why I mov
>» Yeah.
Just reminds me of why I moved
up
up t
Just reminds me of why I moved
up the
up there
Just reminds me of why I moved
up there i
up there in
Just reminds me of why I moved
up there in th
up there in the
Just reminds me of why I moved
up there in the fi
up there in the firs
Just reminds me of why I moved
up there in the first
up there in the first pl
Just reminds me of why I moved
up there in the first plac
up there in the first place.
»>
»> I
up there in the first place.
»> I h
»> I hea
up there in the first place.
»> I heard
»> I heard w
up there in the first place.
»> I heard wha
»> I heard what
up there in the first place.
»> I heard what ha
»> I heard what happ
up there in the first place.
»> I heard what happen
»> I heard what happened
>» I heard what happened
at
at t
>» I heard what happened
at the
at the m
>» I heard what happened
at the mar
at the marke
>» I heard what happened
at the market.
Do
Does
at the market.
Doesn'
Doesn't
at the market.
Doesn't ex
Doesn't excu
at the market.
Doesn't excuse
Doesn't excuse a
at the market.
Doesn't excuse any
Doesn't excuse anyth
at the market.
Doesn't excuse anythin
Doesn't excuse anything,
at the market.
Doesn't excuse anything, b
Doesn't excuse anything, but
La
Layt
Doesn't excuse anything, but
Layton
Layton's
Doesn't excuse anything, but
Layton's g
Layton's gri
Doesn't excuse anything, but
Layton's griev
Layton's grievin
Doesn't excuse anything, but
Layton's grieving
Layton's grieving ri
Doesn't excuse anything, but
Layton's grieving righ
Layton's grieving right
Doesn't excuse anything, but
Layton's grieving right no
Layton's grieving right now.
He
He's
Layton's grieving right now.
He's n
He's not
Layton's grieving right now.
He's not e
He's not exa
Layton's grieving right now.
He's not exact
He's not exactly
hi
his
He's not exactly
his hi
his high
He's not exactly
his higher
his higher s
He's not exactly
his higher sel
his higher self.
»>
»> I
his higher self.
»> I w
»> I was
his higher self.
»> I was j
»> I was jus
his higher self.
»> I was just
»> I was just tr
his higher self.
»> I was just tryi
»> I was just trying
his higher self.
»> I was just trying t
»> I was just trying to
>» I was just trying to
of
offe
>» I was just trying to
offer
offer so
>» I was just trying to
offer some
offer some..
>» I was just trying to
offer some...
(S
(Sig
offer some...
(Sighs
(Sighs)
..
...I
(Sighs)
...I d
...I don
(Sighs)
...I don't
...I don't k
(Sighs)
...I don't kno
...I don't know,
(Sighs)
...I don't know, h
...I don't know, hmm
(Sighs)
...I don't know, hmm.
»>
»> T
...I don't know, hmm.
»> Tim
»> Timin
...I don't know, hmm.
»> Timing
»> Timing is
...I don't know, hmm.
»> Timing is e
»> Timing is eve
...I don't know, hmm.
»> Timing is every
»> Timing is everyth
...I don't know, hmm.
»> Timing is everythin
»> Timing is everything.
>» Timing is everything.
Yo
You
>» Timing is everything.
You ju
You just
>» Timing is everything.
You just,
You just, ye
>» Timing is everything.
You just, yeah
You just, yeah,
go
got
You just, yeah,
got to
got to g
You just, yeah,
got to get
got to get b
You just, yeah,
got to get bet
got to get bette
You just, yeah,
got to get better
got to get better at
You just, yeah,
got to get better at y
got to get better at you
You just, yeah,
got to get better at yours
got to get better at yours.
»>
»> Y
got to get better at yours.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
got to get better at yours.
»> Yeah, w
»> Yeah, wel
got to get better at yours.
»> Yeah, well,
»> Yeah, well, h
got to get better at yours.
»> Yeah, well, he
»> Yeah, well, he bl
got to get better at yours.
»> Yeah, well, he blam
»> Yeah, well, he blames
got to get better at yours.
»> Yeah, well, he blames m
»> Yeah, well, he blames me.
>» Yeah, well, he blames me.
An
And
>» Yeah, well, he blames me.
And I'
And I'm
>» Yeah, well, he blames me.
And I'm th
And I'm the
>» Yeah, well, he blames me.
And I'm the to
And I'm the town
>» Yeah, well, he blames me.
And I'm the town c
And I'm the town cra
>» Yeah, well, he blames me.
And I'm the town crazy
And I'm the town crazy,
an
and
And I'm the town crazy,
and if
and if..
And I'm the town crazy,
and if...
Za
Zara
and if...
Zarah.
Zarah...
wa
wasn
Zarah...
wasn't
wasn't w
Zarah...
wasn't wor
wasn't worri
Zarah...
wasn't worried
wasn't worried a
Zarah...
wasn't worried abo
wasn't worried about
Zarah...
wasn't worried about m
wasn't worried about me,
Zarah...
wasn't worried about me, s
wasn't worried about me, she
wo
woul
wasn't worried about me, she
wouldn
wouldn't
wasn't worried about me, she
wouldn't h
wouldn't hav
wasn't worried about me, she
wouldn't have
wouldn't have be
wasn't worried about me, she
wouldn't have been
wouldn't have been i
wasn't worried about me, she
wouldn't have been in
wouldn't have been in th
wasn't worried about me, she
wouldn't have been in the
wouldn't have been in the hi
wasn't worried about me, she
wouldn't have been in the hill
wouldn't have been in the hills,
an
and
wouldn't have been in the hills,
and th
and then
wouldn't have been in the hills,
and then s
and then she
wouldn't have been in the hills,
and then she w
and then she wou
wouldn't have been in the hills,
and then she would
and then she wouldn'
wouldn't have been in the hills,
and then she wouldn't
and then she wouldn't ha
wouldn't have been in the hills,
and then she wouldn't have
and then she wouldn't have..
wouldn't have been in the hills,
and then she wouldn't have...
»>
»> I
and then she wouldn't have...
»> It
»> It wa
and then she wouldn't have...
»> It wasn
»> It wasn't
and then she wouldn't have...
»> It wasn't y
»> It wasn't you
and then she wouldn't have...
»> It wasn't your
»> It wasn't your fa
and then she wouldn't have...
»> It wasn't your faul
»> It wasn't your fault.
>» It wasn't your fault.
An
And
>» It wasn't your fault.
And yo
And you'
>» It wasn't your fault.
And you're
And you're n
>» It wasn't your fault.
And you're not
And you're not c
>» It wasn't your fault.
And you're not cra
And you're not crazy
>» It wasn't your fault.
And you're not crazy.
Yo
You
And you're not crazy.
You we
You were
And you're not crazy.
You were r
You were rig
And you're not crazy.
You were right
You were right.
Th
Thos
You were right.
Those
Those vo
You were right.
Those voic
Those voices
You were right.
Those voices y
Those voices you
You were right.
Those voices you w
Those voices you wer
You were right.
Those voices you were
Those voices you were he
You were right.
Those voices you were hear
Those voices you were hearin
You were right.
Those voices you were hearing.
Those voices you were hearing...
th
thos
Those voices you were hearing...
those
those we
Those voices you were hearing...
those were
those were p
Those voices you were hearing...
those were peo
those were peopl
Those voices you were hearing...
those were people
those were people wa
Those voices you were hearing...
those were people watc
those were people watchi
Those voices you were hearing...
those were people watching
those were people watching u
Those voices you were hearing...
those were people watching us,
fo
for
those were people watching us,
for wh
for who
those were people watching us,
for who kn
for who know
those were people watching us,
for who knows
for who knows ho
those were people watching us,
for who knows how
for who knows how lo
those were people watching us,
for who knows how long
for who knows how long.
If
If w
for who knows how long.
If we
If we on
for who knows how long.
If we only
If we only l
for who knows how long.
If we only lis
If we only liste
for who knows how long.
If we only listene
If we only listened
for who knows how long.
If we only listened to
If we only listened to y
for who knows how long.
If we only listened to you
If we only listened to you,
ma
mayb
If we only listened to you,
maybe
maybe we
If we only listened to you,
maybe we w
maybe we wou
If we only listened to you,
maybe we would
maybe we would'v
If we only listened to you,
maybe we would've.
maybe we would've...
♪
>»
>» L
>» Loo
>» Look,
>» Look, I
>» Look, I'm
>» Look, I'm a
>» Look, I'm add
>» Look, I'm addin
>» Look, I'm adding
>» Look, I'm adding bo
>» Look, I'm adding bodi
>» Look, I'm adding bodies
to
to s
>» Look, I'm adding bodies
to sec
to secur
>» Look, I'm adding bodies
to securit
to security,
ro
roun
to security,
round
round th
to security,
round the
round the cl
to security,
round the cloc
round the clock
to security,
round the clock pa
round the clock patr
to security,
round the clock patrol
round the clock patrols.
We
We c
round the clock patrols.
We cou
We could
round the clock patrols.
We could u
We could use
round the clock patrols.
We could use y
We could use you
round the clock patrols.
We could use you.
So
So w
We could use you.
So why
So why d
We could use you.
So why don
So why don't
We could use you.
So why don't y
So why don't you
We could use you.
So why don't you c
So why don't you com
We could use you.
So why don't you come
So why don't you come ba
We could use you.
So why don't you come back
do
down
So why don't you come back
down o
down off
So why don't you come back
down off t
down off the
So why don't you come back
down off the m
down off the mou
So why don't you come back
down off the mount
down off the mountai
So why don't you come back
down off the mountain
an
and
down off the mountain
and re
and rejo
down off the mountain
and rejoin
and rejoin t
down off the mountain
and rejoin the
and rejoin the w
down off the mountain
and rejoin the wor
and rejoin the world
down off the mountain
and rejoin the world?
Ju
Just
and rejoin the world?
Just d
Just don
and rejoin the world?
Just don't
Just don't a
and rejoin the world?
Just don't ask
Just don't ask m
and rejoin the world?
Just don't ask me
Just don't ask me to
and rejoin the world?
Just don't ask me to h
Just don't ask me to hel
and rejoin the world?
Just don't ask me to help
Just don't ask me to help yo
and rejoin the world?
Just don't ask me to help you
mo
move
Just don't ask me to help you
move y
move you
Just don't ask me to help you
move your
move your st
Just don't ask me to help you
move your stuf
move your stuff.
(C
(Chu
move your stuff.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
move your stuff.
(Chuckles)
»>
»> H
(Chuckles)
»> How
»> How f
(Chuckles)
»> How fas
»> How fast
(Chuckles)
»> How fast is
»> How fast is t
(Chuckles)
»> How fast is the
»> How fast is the t
(Chuckles)
»> How fast is the tra
»> How fast is the train
(Chuckles)
»> How fast is the train?
>» How fast is the train?
»>
»> I
>» How fast is the train?
»> It
»> It av
>» How fast is the train?
»> It aver
»> It averag
>» How fast is the train?
»> It averages
»> It averages a
>» How fast is the train?
»> It averages abo
»> It averages about
>» It averages about
100 ki
100 kilo
>» It averages about
100 kilome
100 kilometr
>» It averages about
100 kilometres
100 kilometres p
>» It averages about
100 kilometres per
100 kilometres per h
>» It averages about
100 kilometres per hou
100 kilometres per hour.
>» It averages about
100 kilometres per hour. W
100 kilometres per hour. Why
>» It averages about
100 kilometres per hour. Why?
»>
»> S
100 kilometres per hour. Why?
»> So,
»> So, f
100 kilometres per hour. Why?
»> So, for
»> So, for e
100 kilometres per hour. Why?
»> So, for eve
»> So, for every
100 kilometres per hour. Why?
»> So, for every m
»> So, for every min
100 kilometres per hour. Why?
»> So, for every minut
»> So, for every minute
>» So, for every minute
we
we s
>» So, for every minute
we sit
we sit h
>» So, for every minute
we sit her
we sit here,
>» So, for every minute
we sit here, L
we sit here, Lia
>» So, for every minute
we sit here, Liana
we sit here, Liana g
>» So, for every minute
we sit here, Liana get
we sit here, Liana gets
>» So, for every minute
we sit here, Liana gets ho
we sit here, Liana gets how
>» So, for every minute
we sit here, Liana gets how ma
we sit here, Liana gets how many
ki
kilo
we sit here, Liana gets how many
kilome
kilometr
we sit here, Liana gets how many
kilometres
kilometres a
we sit here, Liana gets how many
kilometres awa
kilometres away
we sit here, Liana gets how many
kilometres away fr
kilometres away from
we sit here, Liana gets how many
kilometres away from m
kilometres away from me?
»>
»> J
kilometres away from me?
»> Jav
»> Javi:
kilometres away from me?
»> Javi: L
»> Javi: Lay
kilometres away from me?
»> Javi: Layto
»> Javi: Layton,
kilometres away from me?
»> Javi: Layton, I
»> Javi: Layton, I'm
kilometres away from me?
»> Javi: Layton, I'm w
»> Javi: Layton, I'm wor
kilometres away from me?
»> Javi: Layton, I'm worki
»> Javi: Layton, I'm working
>» Javi: Layton, I'm working
as
as f
>» Javi: Layton, I'm working
as fas
as fast
>» Javi: Layton, I'm working
as fast as
as fast as I
>» Javi: Layton, I'm working
as fast as I c
as fast as I can
>» Javi: Layton, I'm working
as fast as I can.
»>
»> I
as fast as I can.
»> It'
»> It's
as fast as I can.
»> It's no
»> It's not
as fast as I can.
»> It's not fa
»> It's not fast
as fast as I can.
»> It's not fast e
»> It's not fast eno
as fast as I can.
»> It's not fast enoug
»> It's not fast enough.
>» It's not fast enough.
(T
(Tap
>» It's not fast enough.
(Tappi
(Tapping
>» It's not fast enough.
(Tapping k
(Tapping key
>» It's not fast enough.
(Tapping keybo
(Tapping keyboar
>» It's not fast enough.
(Tapping keyboard)
»>
»> L
(Tapping keyboard)
»> Lis
»> Liste
(Tapping keyboard)
»> Listen,
»> Listen, i
(Tapping keyboard)
»> Listen, if
»> Listen, if I
(Tapping keyboard)
»> Listen, if I ge
»> Listen, if I get
(Tapping keyboard)
»> Listen, if I get a
>» Listen, if I get a
si
sing
>» Listen, if I get a
single
single d
>» Listen, if I get a
single dec
single decim
>» Listen, if I get a
single decimal
single decimal w
>» Listen, if I get a
single decimal wro
single decimal wrong
>» Listen, if I get a
single decimal wrong o
single decimal wrong or
>» Listen, if I get a
single decimal wrong or I
single decimal wrong or I sc
>» Listen, if I get a
single decimal wrong or I scre
single decimal wrong or I screw
on
one
single decimal wrong or I screw
one of
one of t
single decimal wrong or I screw
one of the
one of the r
single decimal wrong or I screw
one of the rel
one of the relay
single decimal wrong or I screw
one of the relay c
one of the relay con
single decimal wrong or I screw
one of the relay conne
one of the relay connect
single decimal wrong or I screw
one of the relay connectio
one of the relay connections
single decimal wrong or I screw
one of the relay connections,
I
I co
one of the relay connections,
I coul
I could
one of the relay connections,
I could ki
I could kill
one of the relay connections,
I could kill o
I could kill one
one of the relay connections,
I could kill one q
I could kill one qua
one of the relay connections,
I could kill one quart
I could kill one quarter
of
of h
I could kill one quarter
of hum
of human
I could kill one quarter
of humanit
of humanity.
(G
(Gru
of humanity.
(Grunt
(Grunts)
»>
»> N
(Grunts)
»> New
»> New E
(Grunts)
»> New Ede
»> New Eden
(Grunts)
»> New Eden me
»> New Eden mean
(Grunts)
»> New Eden means
»> New Eden means no
(Grunts)
»> New Eden means noth
»> New Eden means nothin
(Grunts)
»> New Eden means nothing
»> New Eden means nothing to
(Grunts)
»> New Eden means nothing to m
»> New Eden means nothing to me
>» New Eden means nothing to me
wi
with
>» New Eden means nothing to me
withou
without
>» New Eden means nothing to me
without my
without my d
>» New Eden means nothing to me
without my dau
without my daugh
>» New Eden means nothing to me
without my daughte
without my daughter
>» New Eden means nothing to me
without my daughter in
without my daughter in i
>» New Eden means nothing to me
without my daughter in it.
Do
Do y
without my daughter in it.
Do you
Do you u
without my daughter in it.
Do you und
Do you under
without my daughter in it.
Do you underst
Do you understan
without my daughter in it.
Do you understand?
»>
»> L
Do you understand?
»> Lay
»> Layto
Do you understand?
»> Layton,
»> Layton, I
Do you understand?
»> Layton, I k
»> Layton, I kno
Do you understand?
»> Layton, I know
»> Layton, I know th
Do you understand?
»> Layton, I know this
»> Layton, I know this i
Do you understand?
»> Layton, I know this is
»> Layton, I know this is ha
Do you understand?
»> Layton, I know this is hard
>» Layton, I know this is hard
fo
for
>» Layton, I know this is hard
for yo
for you-
>» Layton, I know this is hard
for you--
»>
»> L
for you--
»> Lay
»> Layto
for you--
»> Layton:
»> Layton: Y
for you--
»> Layton: You
»> Layton: You k
for you--
»> Layton: You kno
»> Layton: You know
for you--
»> Layton: You know no
»> Layton: You know noth
for you--
»> Layton: You know nothin
»> Layton: You know nothing
>» Layton: You know nothing
ab
abou
>» Layton: You know nothing
about
about wh
>» Layton: You know nothing
about what
about what I
>» Layton: You know nothing
about what I'm
about what I'm g
>» Layton: You know nothing
about what I'm goi
about what I'm going
>» Layton: You know nothing
about what I'm going t
about what I'm going thr
>» Layton: You know nothing
about what I'm going throu
about what I'm going through
>» Layton: You know nothing
about what I'm going through!
No
Noth
about what I'm going through!
Nothin
Nothing.
»>
»> I
Nothing.
»> I k
»> I kno
Nothing.
»> I know
»> I know yo
Nothing.
»> I know you'
»> I know you're
Nothing.
»> I know you're n
»> I know you're not
Nothing.
»> I know you're not a
»> I know you're not a b
Nothing.
»> I know you're not a bul
»> I know you're not a bully
Nothing.
»> I know you're not a bully,
>» I know you're not a bully,
an
and
>» I know you're not a bully,
and I
and I kn
>» I know you're not a bully,
and I know
and I know y
>» I know you're not a bully,
and I know you
and I know you'r
>» I know you're not a bully,
and I know you're
and I know you're no
>» I know you're not a bully,
and I know you're not
and I know you're not go
>» I know you're not a bully,
and I know you're not goin
and I know you're not going
to
to h
and I know you're not going
to hur
to hurt
and I know you're not going
to hurt me
to hurt me.
♪
And I have more work to do.
(Clattering)
>»
>» B
>» Ben
>» Ben:
>» Ben: Ri
>» Ben: Righ
>» Ben: Right,
>» Ben: Right, w
>» Ben: Right, wha
>» Ben: Right, what
>» Ben: Right, what ar
>» Ben: Right, what are
we
we m
>» Ben: Right, what are
we mis
we missi
>» Ben: Right, what are
we missing
we missing?
Th
The
we missing?
The pa
The pane
we missing?
The panel'
The panel's
we missing?
The panel's ac
The panel's acti
we missing?
The panel's active
The panel's active.
Ae
Aero
The panel's active.
Aeroso
Aerosol
The panel's active.
Aerosol sy
Aerosol syst
The panel's active.
Aerosol system
Aerosol system's
The panel's active.
Aerosol system's i
Aerosol system's in
The panel's active.
Aerosol system's in pl
Aerosol system's in plac
The panel's active.
Aerosol system's in place.
»>
»> T
Aerosol system's in place.
»> Til
»> Till:
Aerosol system's in place.
»> Till: W
»> Till: Whe
Aerosol system's in place.
»> Till: Where
»> Till: Where a
Aerosol system's in place.
»> Till: Where are
>» Till: Where are
th
the
>» Till: Where are
the ch
the chem
>» Till: Where are
the chemic
the chemical
>» Till: Where are
the chemicals?
♪
>»
>» B
>» Ben
>» Ben:
>» Ben: Wh
>» Ben: Wher
>» Ben: Where
>» Ben: Where ar
>» Ben: Where are
th
the
>» Ben: Where are
the ch
the chem
>» Ben: Where are
the chemic
the chemical
>» Ben: Where are
the chemicals?
Wh
Wher
the chemicals?
Where
Where ar
the chemicals?
Where are
Where are al
the chemicals?
Where are all
Where are all th
the chemicals?
Where are all the
Where are all the ch
the chemicals?
Where are all the chem
Where are all the chemic
the chemicals?
Where are all the chemical
Where are all the chemicals?
♪
Those weren't here before.
Where are you going?
♪
>»
>» T
>» The
>» These
>» These p
>» These pip
>» These pipes
>» These pipes a
>» These pipes are
>» These pipes are t
>» These pipes are too
>» These pipes are too d
>» These pipes are too den
>» These pipes are too dense
fo
for
>» These pipes are too dense
for wa
for wate
>» These pipes are too dense
for water.
»>
»> I
for water.
»> It'
»> It's
for water.
»> It's go
»> It's gott
for water.
»> It's gotta
»> It's gotta le
for water.
»> It's gotta lead
»> It's gotta lead s
for water.
»> It's gotta lead som
»> It's gotta lead somew
for water.
»> It's gotta lead somewhe
»> It's gotta lead somewhere
for water.
»> It's gotta lead somewhere.
♪
>» Ben: There you are.
Hu
Huh,
Huh, t
Huh, the
Huh, the s
Huh, the sub
Huh, the sub-t
Huh, the sub-tra
Huh, the sub-train
Huh, the sub-train.
(C
(Cre
Huh, the sub-train.
(Creak
(Creakin
Huh, the sub-train.
(Creaking,
(Creaking, c
Huh, the sub-train.
(Creaking, cla
(Creaking, clatt
Huh, the sub-train.
(Creaking, clatter
(Creaking, clatterin
Huh, the sub-train.
(Creaking, clattering)
»>
»> W
(Creaking, clattering)
»> We
»> We ne
(Creaking, clattering)
»> We need
»> We need t
(Creaking, clattering)
»> We need thi
»> We need this
(Creaking, clattering)
»> We need this ba
»> We need this batt
(Creaking, clattering)
»> We need this batter
»> We need this battery
(Creaking, clattering)
»> We need this battery me
»> We need this battery metr
(Creaking, clattering)
»> We need this battery metre
>» We need this battery metre
to
to g
>» We need this battery metre
to get
to get o
>» We need this battery metre
to get ove
to get over
>» We need this battery metre
to get over th
to get over the
>» We need this battery metre
to get over the 33
to get over the 33%
>» We need this battery metre
to get over the 33% ma
to get over the 33% mark
>» We need this battery metre
to get over the 33% mark.
»>
»> L
to get over the 33% mark.
»> Lay
»> Layto
to get over the 33% mark.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: G
to get over the 33% mark.
»> Layton: Gre
»> Layton: Great
to get over the 33% mark.
»> Layton: Great.
>» Layton: Great.
Ge
Get
>» Layton: Great.
Get it
Get it d
>» Layton: Great.
Get it don
Get it done.
»>
»> J
Get it done.
»> Jav
»> Javi:
Get it done.
»> Javi: I
»> Javi: It
Get it done.
»> Javi: It me
»> Javi: It mean
Get it done.
»> Javi: It means
»> Javi: It means re
Get it done.
»> Javi: It means remo
»> Javi: It means removi
Get it done.
»> Javi: It means removing
»> Javi: It means removing t
Get it done.
»> Javi: It means removing the
>» Javi: It means removing the
En
Engi
>» Javi: It means removing the
Engine
Engine a
>» Javi: It means removing the
Engine as
Engine as ou
>» Javi: It means removing the
Engine as our
Engine as our ma
>» Javi: It means removing the
Engine as our main
Engine as our main p
>» Javi: It means removing the
Engine as our main pow
Engine as our main power
>» Javi: It means removing the
Engine as our main power s
Engine as our main power sou
>» Javi: It means removing the
Engine as our main power sourc
Engine as our main power source
an
and
Engine as our main power source
and ho
and hopi
Engine as our main power source
and hoping
and hoping,
Engine as our main power source
and hoping, on
and hoping, once
Engine as our main power source
and hoping, once w
and hoping, once we
Engine as our main power source
and hoping, once we re
and hoping, once we rero
Engine as our main power source
and hoping, once we rerout
and hoping, once we reroute
Engine as our main power source
and hoping, once we reroute fr
and hoping, once we reroute from
th
the
and hoping, once we reroute from
the ba
the batt
and hoping, once we reroute from
the batter
the battery
and hoping, once we reroute from
the battery ar
the battery arra
and hoping, once we reroute from
the battery arrays
the battery arrays,
and hoping, once we reroute from
the battery arrays, th
the battery arrays, that
and hoping, once we reroute from
the battery arrays, that s
the battery arrays, that sol
and hoping, once we reroute from
the battery arrays, that solar
the battery arrays, that solar,
wi
wind
the battery arrays, that solar,
wind a
wind and
the battery arrays, that solar,
wind and g
wind and geo
the battery arrays, that solar,
wind and geoth
wind and geother
the battery arrays, that solar,
wind and geotherma
wind and geothermal
the battery arrays, that solar,
wind and geothermal wi
wind and geothermal will
the battery arrays, that solar,
wind and geothermal will--
»>
»> L
wind and geothermal will--
»> Lay
»> Layto
wind and geothermal will--
»> Layton:
»> Layton: S
wind and geothermal will--
»> Layton: Sto
»> Layton: Stop!
>» Layton: Stop!
It
It a
>» Layton: Stop!
It all
It all s
>» Layton: Stop!
It all sou
It all sound
>» Layton: Stop!
It all sounds
It all sounds li
>» Layton: Stop!
It all sounds like
It all sounds like a
>» Layton: Stop!
It all sounds like a s
It all sounds like a sta
>» Layton: Stop!
It all sounds like a stall
It all sounds like a stall.
Ca
Can
It all sounds like a stall.
Can we
Can we g
It all sounds like a stall.
Can we go
Can we go ye
It all sounds like a stall.
Can we go yet
Can we go yet or
It all sounds like a stall.
Can we go yet or n
Can we go yet or not
It all sounds like a stall.
Can we go yet or not?
»>
»> J
Can we go yet or not?
»> Jav
»> Javi:
Can we go yet or not?
»> Javi: I
»> Javi: It'
Can we go yet or not?
»> Javi: It's
»> Javi: It's no
Can we go yet or not?
»> Javi: It's not
»> Javi: It's not a
Can we go yet or not?
»> Javi: It's not a st
»> Javi: It's not a stal
Can we go yet or not?
»> Javi: It's not a stall,
>» Javi: It's not a stall,
La
Layt
>» Javi: It's not a stall,
Layton
Layton.
Tr
Trus
Layton.
Trust
Trust me
Layton.
Trust me,
Trust me, it
Layton.
Trust me, it i
Trust me, it is
Layton.
Trust me, it is no
Trust me, it is not.
♪
Li
List
Listen
Listen,
Listen, I'
Listen, I'm
Listen, I'm so
Listen, I'm sorr
Listen, I'm sorry
Listen, I'm sorry th
Listen, I'm sorry they
to
took
Listen, I'm sorry they
took L
took Lia
Listen, I'm sorry they
took Liana
took Liana,
Listen, I'm sorry they
took Liana, I
took Liana, I am
Listen, I'm sorry they
took Liana, I am.
An
And
took Liana, I am.
And Za
And Zara
took Liana, I am.
And Zarah.
And Zarah...
♪
..
...s
...she
...she t
...she tri
...she tried
...she tried t
...she tried to
...she tried to he
...she tried to help
...she tried to help m
...she tried to help me
...she tried to help me ou
...she tried to help me out
on
on W
...she tried to help me out
on Wil
on Wilfo
...she tried to help me out
on Wilford
on Wilford's
...she tried to help me out
on Wilford's t
on Wilford's tra
...she tried to help me out
on Wilford's train
on Wilford's train,
...she tried to help me out
on Wilford's train, an
on Wilford's train, and
I
I ne
on Wilford's train, and
I neve
I never
on Wilford's train, and
I never go
I never got
on Wilford's train, and
I never got to
I never got to s
on Wilford's train, and
I never got to say
I never got to say t
on Wilford's train, and
I never got to say tha
I never got to say thank
on Wilford's train, and
I never got to say thank y
I never got to say thank you
on Wilford's train, and
I never got to say thank you.
»>
»> Y
I never got to say thank you.
»> You
»> You w
I never got to say thank you.
»> You wan
»> You want
I never got to say thank you.
»> You want to
»> You want to t
I never got to say thank you.
»> You want to tha
»> You want to thank
I never got to say thank you.
»> You want to thank h
»> You want to thank her
I never got to say thank you.
»> You want to thank her?
>» You want to thank her?
He
Help
>» You want to thank her?
Help m
Help me.
(Train rattling)
♪
(Clattering)
>»
>» T
>» Til
>» Till:
>» Till: W
>» Till: Wha
>» Till: What
>» Till: What ha
>» Till: What have
>» Till: What have w
>» Till: What have we
>» Till: What have we go
>» Till: What have we got?
»>
»> B
>» Till: What have we got?
»> Ben
»> Ben:
>» Till: What have we got?
»> Ben: It
»> Ben: It's
>» Till: What have we got?
»> Ben: It's N
»> Ben: It's Nim
>» Till: What have we got?
»> Ben: It's Nima'
»> Ben: It's Nima's
>» Till: What have we got?
»> Ben: It's Nima's ma
»> Ben: It's Nima's magi
>» Till: What have we got?
»> Ben: It's Nima's magic
>» Ben: It's Nima's magic
fe
fert
>» Ben: It's Nima's magic
fertil
fertiliz
>» Ben: It's Nima's magic
fertilizer
fertilizer.
♪
(Clinking)
>» There's something else.
(Clattering)
♪
>»
>» Q
>» Qui
>» Quick
>» Quick.
If
If y
>» Quick.
If you
If you w
>» Quick.
If you wan
If you want
>» Quick.
If you want to
If you want to t
>» Quick.
If you want to tak
If you want to take
>» Quick.
If you want to take th
If you want to take the
>» Quick.
If you want to take the En
If you want to take the Engi
>» Quick.
If you want to take the Engine
If you want to take the Engine,
yo
you'
If you want to take the Engine,
you're
you're t
If you want to take the Engine,
you're the
you're the o
If you want to take the Engine,
you're the one
you're the one t
If you want to take the Engine,
you're the one tha
you're the one that
If you want to take the Engine,
you're the one that ne
you're the one that need
If you want to take the Engine,
you're the one that needs
to
to s
you're the one that needs
to sev
to sever
you're the one that needs
to sever t
to sever the
you're the one that needs
to sever the c
to sever the con
you're the one that needs
to sever the conne
to sever the connect
you're the one that needs
to sever the connectio
to sever the connection.
No
Now,
to sever the connection.
Now, y
Now, you
to sever the connection.
Now, you n
Now, you nee
to sever the connection.
Now, you need
Now, you need to
to sever the connection.
Now, you need to f
Now, you need to fli
to sever the connection.
Now, you need to flip
Now, you need to flip th
to sever the connection.
Now, you need to flip the
au
auxi
Now, you need to flip the
auxili
auxiliar
Now, you need to flip the
auxiliary
auxiliary up
Now, you need to flip the
auxiliary up a
auxiliary up and
Now, you need to flip the
auxiliary up and p
auxiliary up and pul
Now, you need to flip the
auxiliary up and pull
auxiliary up and pull th
Now, you need to flip the
auxiliary up and pull the
pr
prim
auxiliary up and pull the
primar
primary
auxiliary up and pull the
primary do
primary down
auxiliary up and pull the
primary down a
primary down at
auxiliary up and pull the
primary down at th
primary down at the
auxiliary up and pull the
primary down at the sa
primary down at the same
ti
time
primary down at the same
time t
time tho
primary down at the same
time thoug
time though.
(Grunts)
♪
(Clattering)
(Whirring)
♪
It
It's
It's w
It's wor
It's worki
It's working
It's working.
It
It w
It's working.
It wor
It worke
It's working.
It worked!
»>
»> L
It worked!
»> Lay
»> Layto
It worked!
»> Layton:
»> Layton: Y
It worked!
»> Layton: You
»> Layton: You p
It worked!
»> Layton: You per
»> Layton: You perfo
It worked!
»> Layton: You perform
»> Layton: You performed
>» Layton: You performed
a
a mi
>» Layton: You performed
a mira
a miracl
>» Layton: You performed
a miracle,
a miracle, S
>» Layton: You performed
a miracle, Sai
a miracle, Saint
>» Layton: You performed
a miracle, Saint J
a miracle, Saint Jav
>» Layton: You performed
a miracle, Saint Javi.
Al
Alex
a miracle, Saint Javi.
Alex w
Alex wil
a miracle, Saint Javi.
Alex will
Alex will be
a miracle, Saint Javi.
Alex will be i
Alex will be imp
a miracle, Saint Javi.
Alex will be impre
Alex will be impress
a miracle, Saint Javi.
Alex will be impressed
Alex will be impressed.
»>
»> A
Alex will be impressed.
»> Ale
»> Alex?
>» Alex?
I
I di
>» Alex?
I didn
I didn't
>» Alex?
I didn't d
I didn't do
>» Alex?
I didn't do th
I didn't do this
>» Alex?
I didn't do this t
I didn't do this to
>» Alex?
I didn't do this to pr
I didn't do this to prov
>» Alex?
I didn't do this to prove
I didn't do this to prove my
>» Alex?
I didn't do this to prove myse
I didn't do this to prove myself
to
to A
I didn't do this to prove myself
to Ale
to Alex,
I didn't do this to prove myself
to Alex, o
to Alex, or
I didn't do this to prove myself
to Alex, or an
to Alex, or anyo
I didn't do this to prove myself
to Alex, or anyone
to Alex, or anyone,
fo
for
to Alex, or anyone,
for th
for that
to Alex, or anyone,
for that m
for that mat
to Alex, or anyone,
for that matte
for that matter.
(Clattering)
An
And
And I
And I di
And I didn
And I didn't
And I didn't d
And I didn't do
And I didn't do th
And I didn't do this
And I didn't do this b
And I didn't do this bec
And I didn't do this becau
And I didn't do this because
I'
I'm
And I didn't do this because
I'm af
I'm afra
And I didn't do this because
I'm afraid
I'm afraid o
And I didn't do this because
I'm afraid of
I'm afraid of yo
And I didn't do this because
I'm afraid of you.
I
I di
I'm afraid of you.
I did
I did it
I'm afraid of you.
I did it b
I did it bec
I'm afraid of you.
I did it becau
I did it because
I'm afraid of you.
I did it because I
I did it because I c
I'm afraid of you.
I did it because I con
I did it because I consi
I'm afraid of you.
I did it because I conside
I did it because I consider
yo
you
I did it because I consider
you my
you my f
I did it because I consider
you my fri
you my frien
I did it because I consider
you my friend.
Th
This
you my friend.
This s
This sho
you my friend.
This shoul
This should
you my friend.
This should bu
This should buy
you my friend.
This should buy Ne
This should buy New
you my friend.
This should buy New Ed
This should buy New Eden
ab
abou
This should buy New Eden
about
about th
This should buy New Eden
about thre
about three
This should buy New Eden
about three we
about three week
This should buy New Eden
about three weeks'
about three weeks' t
This should buy New Eden
about three weeks' tim
about three weeks' time
wi
with
about three weeks' time
withou
without
about three weeks' time
without Bi
without Big
about three weeks' time
without Big Al
without Big Alic
about three weeks' time
without Big Alice.
Le
Let'
without Big Alice.
Let's
Let's go
without Big Alice.
Let's go.
♪
(Clattering)
>»
>» H
>» Hey
>» Hey.
Is
Is t
>» Hey.
Is the
Is there
>» Hey.
Is there a
Is there any
>» Hey.
Is there any n
Is there any new
>» Hey.
Is there any news
Is there any news fr
>» Hey.
Is there any news from
Is there any news from J
>» Hey.
Is there any news from Jav
Is there any news from Javi
ab
abou
Is there any news from Javi
about
about ta
Is there any news from Javi
about taki
about taking
Is there any news from Javi
about taking t
about taking the
Is there any news from Javi
about taking the t
about taking the tra
Is there any news from Javi
about taking the train
about taking the train?
»>
»> R
about taking the train?
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
about taking the train?
»> Ruth: N
»> Ruth: Not
about taking the train?
»> Ruth: Nothi
»> Ruth: Nothing
about taking the train?
»> Ruth: Nothing y
»> Ruth: Nothing yet
about taking the train?
»> Ruth: Nothing yet.
>» Ruth: Nothing yet.
Th
Ther
>» Ruth: Nothing yet.
There'
There's
>» Ruth: Nothing yet.
There's a
There's a cu
>» Ruth: Nothing yet.
There's a cup
There's a cup of
>» Ruth: Nothing yet.
There's a cup of t
There's a cup of tea
>» Ruth: Nothing yet.
There's a cup of tea w
There's a cup of tea wit
>» Ruth: Nothing yet.
There's a cup of tea with
yo
your
There's a cup of tea with
your n
your nam
There's a cup of tea with
your name
your name on
There's a cup of tea with
your name on i
your name on it
There's a cup of tea with
your name on it th
your name on it thou
There's a cup of tea with
your name on it though
your name on it though,
if
if y
your name on it though,
if you
if you w
your name on it though,
if you wan
if you want.
(Footsteps)
>»
>» T
>» Tea
>» Tea f
>» Tea fix
>» Tea fixes
>» Tea fixes e
>» Tea fixes eve
>» Tea fixes every
>» Tea fixes everyth
>» Tea fixes everythin
>» Tea fixes everything,
>» Tea fixes everything, r
>» Tea fixes everything, rig
>» Tea fixes everything, right
>» Tea fixes everything, right?
»>
»> R
>» Tea fixes everything, right?
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
>» Tea fixes everything, right?
»> Ruth: I
»> Ruth: I d
>» Tea fixes everything, right?
»> Ruth: I dun
»> Ruth: I dunno
>» Tea fixes everything, right?
»> Ruth: I dunno a
»> Ruth: I dunno abo
>» Tea fixes everything, right?
»> Ruth: I dunno about
»> Ruth: I dunno about t
>» Tea fixes everything, right?
»> Ruth: I dunno about tha
»> Ruth: I dunno about that.
(Cups tinkling)
So
So,
So, yo
So, you'
So, you're
So, you're h
So, you're her
So, you're here
So, you're here to
So, you're here to t
So, you're here to tel
So, you're here to tell
So, you're here to tell me
th
that
So, you're here to tell me
that I
that I'm
So, you're here to tell me
that I'm b
that I'm bei
So, you're here to tell me
that I'm being
that I'm being h
So, you're here to tell me
that I'm being hea
that I'm being heart
So, you're here to tell me
that I'm being heartle
that I'm being heartless
So, you're here to tell me
that I'm being heartless n
that I'm being heartless not
le
lett
that I'm being heartless not
lettin
letting
that I'm being heartless not
letting La
letting Layt
that I'm being heartless not
letting Layton
letting Layton t
that I'm being heartless not
letting Layton tak
letting Layton take
that I'm being heartless not
letting Layton take th
letting Layton take the
that I'm being heartless not
letting Layton take the tr
letting Layton take the trai
that I'm being heartless not
letting Layton take the train?
»>
»> I
letting Layton take the train?
»> If
»> If yo
letting Layton take the train?
»> If you
»> If you we
letting Layton take the train?
»> If you were
»> If you were h
letting Layton take the train?
»> If you were hea
»> If you were heart
letting Layton take the train?
»> If you were heartle
»> If you were heartless
letting Layton take the train?
»> If you were heartless,
»> If you were heartless, yo
letting Layton take the train?
»> If you were heartless, you
>» If you were heartless, you
wo
woul
>» If you were heartless, you
wouldn
wouldn't
>» If you were heartless, you
wouldn't c
wouldn't car
>» If you were heartless, you
wouldn't care
wouldn't care wh
>» If you were heartless, you
wouldn't care what
wouldn't care what I
>» If you were heartless, you
wouldn't care what I t
wouldn't care what I thi
>» If you were heartless, you
wouldn't care what I think
wouldn't care what I think.
I
I th
wouldn't care what I think.
I thin
I think
wouldn't care what I think.
I think yo
I think you'
wouldn't care what I think.
I think you're
I think you're b
wouldn't care what I think.
I think you're bei
I think you're being
wouldn't care what I think.
I think you're being p
I think you're being pra
wouldn't care what I think.
I think you're being pragm
I think you're being pragmat
wouldn't care what I think.
I think you're being pragmatic
I think you're being pragmatic.
»>
»> I
I think you're being pragmatic.
»> I'm
»> I'm n
I think you're being pragmatic.
»> I'm not
»> I'm not s
I think you're being pragmatic.
»> I'm not sur
»> I'm not sure
>» I'm not sure
it
it's
>» I'm not sure
it's a
it's app
>» I'm not sure
it's appre
it's appreci
>» I'm not sure
it's appreciat
it's appreciated
>» I'm not sure
it's appreciated.
»>
»> L
it's appreciated.
»> Loo
»> Look,
it's appreciated.
»> Look, u
»> Look, um,
it's appreciated.
»> Look, um, i
»> Look, um, it'
it's appreciated.
»> Look, um, it's
»> Look, um, it's yo
it's appreciated.
»> Look, um, it's your
»> Look, um, it's your j
it's appreciated.
»> Look, um, it's your job
>» Look, um, it's your job
to
to k
>» Look, um, it's your job
to kee
to keep
>» Look, um, it's your job
to keep us
to keep us t
>» Look, um, it's your job
to keep us tog
to keep us toget
>» Look, um, it's your job
to keep us togethe
to keep us together.
An
And
to keep us together.
And ju
And just
to keep us together.
And just w
And just whe
to keep us together.
And just when
And just when we
to keep us together.
And just when we s
And just when we sta
to keep us together.
And just when we start
And just when we started
bu
buil
And just when we started
buildi
building
And just when we started
building a
building a l
And just when we started
building a lif
building a life
And just when we started
building a life he
building a life here
And just when we started
building a life here,
building a life here, a
And just when we started
building a life here, a ha
building a life here, a happ
And just when we started
building a life here, a happy
on
one,
building a life here, a happy
one, a
one, a s
building a life here, a happy
one, a saf
one, a safe
building a life here, a happy
one, a safe on
one, a safe one,
we
we w
one, a safe one,
we wer
we were
one, a safe one,
we were at
we were atta
one, a safe one,
we were attack
we were attacked
one, a safe one,
we were attacked.
»>
»> I
we were attacked.
»> It'
»> It's
we were attacked.
»> It's ha
»> It's hard
we were attacked.
»> It's hard t
»> It's hard to
we were attacked.
»> It's hard to be
»> It's hard to beli
we were attacked.
»> It's hard to believ
»> It's hard to believe,
>» It's hard to believe,
is
isn'
>» It's hard to believe,
isn't
isn't it
>» It's hard to believe,
isn't it?
(Soft exhale)
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You k
>» You kno
>» You know,
>» You know, I
>» You know, I h
>» You know, I hav
>» You know, I haven
>» You know, I haven't
>» You know, I haven't f
>» You know, I haven't fel
>» You know, I haven't felt
>» You know, I haven't felt th
>» You know, I haven't felt this
he
help
>» You know, I haven't felt this
helple
helpless
>» You know, I haven't felt this
helpless s
helpless sin
>» You know, I haven't felt this
helpless since
helpless since t
>» You know, I haven't felt this
helpless since the
helpless since the T
>» You know, I haven't felt this
helpless since the Tai
helpless since the Tail.
(Approaching footsteps)
>»
>» S
>» Syk
>» Sykes
>» Sykes:
>» Sykes: So
>» Sykes: Sorr
>» Sykes: Sorry
>» Sykes: Sorry to
>» Sykes: Sorry to i
>» Sykes: Sorry to int
>» Sykes: Sorry to inter
>» Sykes: Sorry to interru
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ru
Ruth
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ruth,
Ruth, di
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ruth, did
Ruth, did yo
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ruth, did you
Ruth, did you as
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ruth, did you ask
Ruth, did you ask Ja
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ruth, did you ask Javi
Ruth, did you ask Javi t
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ruth, did you ask Javi to
Ruth, did you ask Javi to ru
>» Sykes: Sorry to interrupt.
Ruth, did you ask Javi to run
a
a di
Ruth, did you ask Javi to run
a diag
a diagno
Ruth, did you ask Javi to run
a diagnost
a diagnostic
Ruth, did you ask Javi to run
a diagnostic t
a diagnostic tes
Ruth, did you ask Javi to run
a diagnostic test
a diagnostic test in
Ruth, did you ask Javi to run
a diagnostic test in A
a diagnostic test in Ag-
Ruth, did you ask Javi to run
a diagnostic test in Ag-Se
a diagnostic test in Ag-Sec?
»>
»> N
a diagnostic test in Ag-Sec?
»> No,
»> No, w
a diagnostic test in Ag-Sec?
»> No, why
»> No, why?
>» No, why?
»>
»> S
>» No, why?
»> Syk
»> Sykes
>» No, why?
»> Sykes:
»> Sykes: We
>» No, why?
»> Sykes: We'v
»> Sykes: We've
>» No, why?
»> Sykes: We've a
»> Sykes: We've a pr
>» No, why?
»> Sykes: We've a prob
»> Sykes: We've a proble
>» No, why?
»> Sykes: We've a problem.
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»>
»> L
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»> Lay
»> Layto
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: W
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»> Layton: We'
»> Layton: We've
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»> Layton: We've g
»> Layton: We've got
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»> Layton: We've got t
»> Layton: We've got to
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»> Layton: We've got to fi
»> Layton: We've got to figu
>» Sykes: We've a problem.
»> Layton: We've got to figure
>» Layton: We've got to figure
ou
out
>» Layton: We've got to figure
out ho
out how
>» Layton: We've got to figure
out how fa
out how far
>» Layton: We've got to figure
out how far aw
out how far away
>» Layton: We've got to figure
out how far away t
out how far away the
>» Layton: We've got to figure
out how far away the k
out how far away the kid
>» Layton: We've got to figure
out how far away the kidna
out how far away the kidnapp
>» Layton: We've got to figure
out how far away the kidnapper
out how far away the kidnappers
ha
have
out how far away the kidnappers
have g
have got
out how far away the kidnappers
have gotte
have gotten,
out how far away the kidnappers
have gotten, a
have gotten, and
out how far away the kidnappers
have gotten, and t
have gotten, and the
out how far away the kidnappers
have gotten, and the S
have gotten, and the Sno
out how far away the kidnappers
have gotten, and the Snowp
have gotten, and the Snowpie
out how far away the kidnappers
have gotten, and the Snowpierc
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is
is a
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is abo
is about
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is about e
is about eig
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is about eight
is about eight d
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is about eight day
is about eight days
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is about eight days ah
is about eight days ahea
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is about eight days ahead
is about eight days ahead of
have gotten, and the Snowpiercer
is about eight days ahead of u
is about eight days ahead of us.
»>
»> Y
is about eight days ahead of us.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
is about eight days ahead of us.
»> Yeah, t
»> Yeah, the
is about eight days ahead of us.
»> Yeah, the t
»> Yeah, the tra
is about eight days ahead of us.
»> Yeah, the train
»> Yeah, the train w
is about eight days ahead of us.
»> Yeah, the train wou
»> Yeah, the train would
is about eight days ahead of us.
»> Yeah, the train would h
»> Yeah, the train would hav
is about eight days ahead of us.
»> Yeah, the train would have
»> Yeah, the train would have to
>» Yeah, the train would have to
sl
slow
>» Yeah, the train would have to
slow d
slow dow
>» Yeah, the train would have to
slow down
slow down be
>» Yeah, the train would have to
slow down beca
slow down becaus
>» Yeah, the train would have to
slow down because
slow down because th
>» Yeah, the train would have to
slow down because the
slow down because the Sn
>» Yeah, the train would have to
slow down because the Snow
slow down because the Snowca
>» Yeah, the train would have to
slow down because the Snowcat
ca
can
slow down because the Snowcat
can on
can only
slow down because the Snowcat
can only g
can only go
slow down because the Snowcat
can only go ab
can only go abou
slow down because the Snowcat
can only go about
can only go about 30
slow down because the Snowcat
can only go about 30 k
can only go about 30 kil
slow down because the Snowcat
can only go about 30 kilom
can only go about 30 kilomet
slow down because the Snowcat
can only go about 30 kilometre
can only go about 30 kilometres
pe
per
can only go about 30 kilometres
per ho
per hour
can only go about 30 kilometres
per hour.
My
My r
per hour.
My rea
My real
per hour.
My real co
My real conc
per hour.
My real concer
My real concern
per hour.
My real concern is
My real concern is w
per hour.
My real concern is wha
My real concern is what
per hour.
My real concern is what ha
My real concern is what happ
per hour.
My real concern is what happen
My real concern is what happens
wh
when
My real concern is what happens
when w
when we
My real concern is what happens
when we ca
when we catc
My real concern is what happens
when we catch
when we catch up
My real concern is what happens
when we catch up.
»>
»> Y
when we catch up.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
when we catch up.
»> Yeah, o
»> Yeah, one
when we catch up.
»> Yeah, one p
»> Yeah, one pro
when we catch up.
»> Yeah, one probl
»> Yeah, one problem
>» Yeah, one problem
at
at a
>» Yeah, one problem
at a t
at a tim
>» Yeah, one problem
at a time.
»>
»> R
at a time.
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
at a time.
»> Ruth: L
»> Ruth: Lay
at a time.
»> Ruth: Layto
»> Ruth: Layton,
at a time.
»> Ruth: Layton, y
»> Ruth: Layton, you
at a time.
»> Ruth: Layton, you c
»> Ruth: Layton, you can
at a time.
»> Ruth: Layton, you can't
»> Ruth: Layton, you can't d
at a time.
»> Ruth: Layton, you can't do
>» Ruth: Layton, you can't do
th
this
>» Ruth: Layton, you can't do
this.
»>
»> O
this.
»> Out
»> Out o
this.
»> Out of
»> Out of th
this.
»> Out of the
»> Out of the wa
this.
»> Out of the way,
»> Out of the way, R
this.
»> Out of the way, Rut
»> Out of the way, Ruth.
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»>
»> J
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»> Jos
»> Josie
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»> Josie:
»> Josie: Th
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»> Josie: This
»> Josie: This i
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»> Josie: This isn
»> Josie: This isn't
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»> Josie: This isn't t
»> Josie: This isn't the
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»> Josie: This isn't the w
»> Josie: This isn't the way
>» Out of the way, Ruth.
»> Josie: This isn't the way.
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»>
»> L
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»> Lay
»> Layto
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: J
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»> Layton: Jav
»> Layton: Javi
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»> Layton: Javi an
»> Layton: Javi and
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»> Layton: Javi and I
»> Layton: Javi and I go
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»> Layton: Javi and I got
»> Layton: Javi and I got po
>» Josie: This isn't the way.
»> Layton: Javi and I got powe
»> Layton: Javi and I got power
>» Layton: Javi and I got power
to
to t
>» Layton: Javi and I got power
to the
to the t
>» Layton: Javi and I got power
to the tow
to the town.
I
I di
to the town.
I did
I did my
to the town.
I did my p
I did my par
to the town.
I did my part,
I did my part, e
to the town.
I did my part, eve
I did my part, even
to the town.
I did my part, even th
I did my part, even thou
to the town.
I did my part, even though
I did my part, even though y
to the town.
I did my part, even though you
al
all
I did my part, even though you
all di
all didn
I did my part, even though you
all didn't
all didn't d
I did my part, even though you
all didn't do
all didn't do sh
I did my part, even though you
all didn't do shit
all didn't do shit t
I did my part, even though you
all didn't do shit to
all didn't do shit to he
I did my part, even though you
all didn't do shit to help
all didn't do shit to help m
I did my part, even though you
all didn't do shit to help me!
No
Now
all didn't do shit to help me!
Now we
Now we'r
all didn't do shit to help me!
Now we're
Now we're ge
all didn't do shit to help me!
Now we're gett
Now we're gettin
all didn't do shit to help me!
Now we're getting
Now we're getting on
all didn't do shit to help me!
Now we're getting on t
Now we're getting on tha
all didn't do shit to help me!
Now we're getting on that
Now we're getting on that tr
all didn't do shit to help me!
Now we're getting on that trai
Now we're getting on that train.
»>
»> R
Now we're getting on that train.
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
Now we're getting on that train.
»> Ruth: L
»> Ruth: Lay
Now we're getting on that train.
»> Ruth: Layto
»> Ruth: Layton,
Now we're getting on that train.
»> Ruth: Layton, w
»> Ruth: Layton, we
Now we're getting on that train.
»> Ruth: Layton, we ca
»> Ruth: Layton, we can'
Now we're getting on that train.
»> Ruth: Layton, we can't
»> Ruth: Layton, we can't le
Now we're getting on that train.
»> Ruth: Layton, we can't let
>» Ruth: Layton, we can't let
yo
you
>» Ruth: Layton, we can't let
you go
you go!
♪
(Grunting)
>»
>» I
>» I d
>» I don
>» I don't
>» I don't w
>» I don't wan
>» I don't want
>» I don't want to
>» I don't want to h
>» I don't want to hur
>» I don't want to hurt
>» I don't want to hurt yo
>» I don't want to hurt you,
>» I don't want to hurt you, b
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
yo
you'
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
you're
you're g
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
you're goi
you're going
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
you're going t
you're going to
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
you're going to ha
you're going to have
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
you're going to have t
you're going to have to
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
you're going to have to hu
you're going to have to hurt
>» I don't want to hurt you, but
you're going to have to hurt m
you're going to have to hurt me
to
to k
you're going to have to hurt me
to kee
to keep
you're going to have to hurt me
to keep me
to keep me o
you're going to have to hurt me
to keep me off
to keep me off t
you're going to have to hurt me
to keep me off tha
to keep me off that
you're going to have to hurt me
to keep me off that tr
to keep me off that trai
you're going to have to hurt me
to keep me off that train!
(G
(Gru
to keep me off that train!
(Grunt
(Gruntin
to keep me off that train!
(Grunting)
»>
»> N
(Grunting)
»> No,
»> No, S
(Grunting)
»> No, Syk
»> No, Sykes
(Grunting)
»> No, Sykes,
»> No, Sykes, st
(Grunting)
»> No, Sykes, stop
»> No, Sykes, stop t
(Grunting)
»> No, Sykes, stop thi
»> No, Sykes, stop this!
>» No, Sykes, stop this!
(G
(Gru
>» No, Sykes, stop this!
(Grunt
(Gruntin
>» No, Sykes, stop this!
(Grunting)
»>
»> D
(Grunting)
»> Dam
»> Damn
(Grunting)
»> Damn it
»> Damn it,
(Grunting)
»> Damn it, La
»> Damn it, Layt
(Grunting)
»> Damn it, Layton
»> Damn it, Layton,
>» Damn it, Layton,
ju
just
>» Damn it, Layton,
just s
just sta
>» Damn it, Layton,
just stay
just stay do
>» Damn it, Layton,
just stay down
just stay down!
»>
»> A
just stay down!
»> All
»> All r
just stay down!
»> All rig
»> All right
just stay down!
»> All right,
»> All right, en
just stay down!
»> All right, enou
»> All right, enough
just stay down!
»> All right, enough!
(Grunting)
(Gasping)
♪
>»
>» T
>» Til
>» Till:
>» Till: T
>» Till: The
>» Till: The g
>» Till: The guy
>» Till: The guy's
>» Till: The guy's a
>» Till: The guy's a c
>» Till: The guy's a che
>» Till: The guy's a chemi
>» Till: The guy's a chemist
>» Till: The guy's a chemist,
so
so,
so, su
so, sure
so, sure,
so, sure, ma
so, sure, mayb
so, sure, maybe
so, sure, maybe it
so, sure, maybe it's
a
a su
so, sure, maybe it's
a supe
a super
so, sure, maybe it's
a super fe
a super fert
so, sure, maybe it's
a super fertil
a super fertiliz
so, sure, maybe it's
a super fertilizer
a super fertilizer.
Ma
Mayb
a super fertilizer.
Maybe
Maybe it
a super fertilizer.
Maybe it's
Maybe it's f
a super fertilizer.
Maybe it's fre
Maybe it's freak
a super fertilizer.
Maybe it's freakin
Maybe it's freaking
a super fertilizer.
Maybe it's freaking cy
Maybe it's freaking cyan
a super fertilizer.
Maybe it's freaking cyanid
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Wh
Who
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Who kn
Who know
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Who knows
Who knows wi
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Who knows with
Who knows with t
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Who knows with the
Who knows with these
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Who knows with these p
Who knows with these psy
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Who knows with these psych
Who knows with these psychos
Maybe it's freaking cyanide.
Who knows with these psychos?
(Light tense music)
♪
>»
>» B
>» Ben
>» Ben:
>» Ben: Th
>» Ben: The
>» Ben: The da
>» Ben: The dama
>» Ben: The damage
>» Ben: The damage t
>» Ben: The damage to
>» Ben: The damage to yo
>» Ben: The damage to your
sk
skin
>» Ben: The damage to your
skin,
skin, it
>» Ben: The damage to your
skin, it's
skin, it's w
>» Ben: The damage to your
skin, it's wha
skin, it's what
>» Ben: The damage to your
skin, it's what I
skin, it's what I sa
>» Ben: The damage to your
skin, it's what I saw
skin, it's what I saw on
>» Ben: The damage to your
skin, it's what I saw on t
skin, it's what I saw on tha
>» Ben: The damage to your
skin, it's what I saw on that
de
dead
skin, it's what I saw on that
dead s
dead sol
skin, it's what I saw on that
dead soldi
dead soldier
skin, it's what I saw on that
dead soldier.
It
It's
dead soldier.
It's n
It's not
dead soldier.
It's not e
It's not ele
dead soldier.
It's not elect
It's not electri
dead soldier.
It's not electrica
It's not electrical;
it
it's
It's not electrical;
it's c
it's che
It's not electrical;
it's chemi
it's chemica
It's not electrical;
it's chemical.
»>
»> T
it's chemical.
»> Til
»> Till:
it's chemical.
»> Till: H
»> Till: Hmm
it's chemical.
»> Till: Hmm,
»> Till: Hmm, so
it's chemical.
»> Till: Hmm, so t
»> Till: Hmm, so the
it's chemical.
»> Till: Hmm, so the A
»> Till: Hmm, so the Adm
it's chemical.
»> Till: Hmm, so the Admir
»> Till: Hmm, so the Admiral
>» Till: Hmm, so the Admiral
li
lied
>» Till: Hmm, so the Admiral
lied a
lied abo
>» Till: Hmm, so the Admiral
lied about
lied about t
>» Till: Hmm, so the Admiral
lied about the
lied about the j
>» Till: Hmm, so the Admiral
lied about the job
lied about the job.
Sh
Shoc
lied about the job.
Shocki
Shocking
lied about the job.
Shocking.
Th
That
Shocking.
That a
That als
Shocking.
That also
That also me
Shocking.
That also mean
That also means
Shocking.
That also means yo
That also means your
Shocking.
That also means your b
That also means your bud
Shocking.
That also means your buddy
Ni
Nima
That also means your buddy
Nima c
Nima co-
That also means your buddy
Nima co-si
Nima co-sign
That also means your buddy
Nima co-signed
Nima co-signed a
That also means your buddy
Nima co-signed all
Nima co-signed all o
That also means your buddy
Nima co-signed all of
Nima co-signed all of th
That also means your buddy
Nima co-signed all of this
Nima co-signed all of this.
»>
»> B
Nima co-signed all of this.
»> Ben
»> Ben:
Nima co-signed all of this.
»> Ben: Yo
»> Ben: Your
Nima co-signed all of this.
»> Ben: Your d
»> Ben: Your dis
Nima co-signed all of this.
»> Ben: Your distr
»> Ben: Your distrus
Nima co-signed all of this.
»> Ben: Your distrustf
»> Ben: Your distrustful
Nima co-signed all of this.
»> Ben: Your distrustful n
»> Ben: Your distrustful nat
Nima co-signed all of this.
»> Ben: Your distrustful natur
»> Ben: Your distrustful nature
>» Ben: Your distrustful nature
wi
wins
>» Ben: Your distrustful nature
wins a
wins aga
>» Ben: Your distrustful nature
wins again
wins again.
Ha
Happ
wins again.
Happy?
»>
»> T
Happy?
»> Til
»> Till:
Happy?
»> Till: E
»> Till: Ecs
Happy?
»> Till: Ecsta
»> Till: Ecstati
Happy?
»> Till: Ecstatic.
>» Till: Ecstatic.
Wh
What
>» Till: Ecstatic.
What I
What I d
>» Till: Ecstatic.
What I don
What I don't
>» Till: Ecstatic.
What I don't g
What I don't get
>» Till: Ecstatic.
What I don't get i
What I don't get is
>» Till: Ecstatic.
What I don't get is wh
What I don't get is why
>» Till: Ecstatic.
What I don't get is why th
What I don't get is why they
wo
woul
What I don't get is why they
would
would go
What I don't get is why they
would go t
would go to
What I don't get is why they
would go to su
would go to such
What I don't get is why they
would go to such l
would go to such len
What I don't get is why they
would go to such lengt
would go to such lengths
to
to k
would go to such lengths
to kil
to kill
would go to such lengths
to kill pe
to kill peop
would go to such lengths
to kill people
to kill people.
»>
»> M
to kill people.
»> May
»> Maybe
to kill people.
»> Maybe i
»> Maybe it'
to kill people.
»> Maybe it's
»> Maybe it's no
to kill people.
»> Maybe it's not
»> Maybe it's not ab
to kill people.
»> Maybe it's not abou
»> Maybe it's not about
>» Maybe it's not about
ki
kill
>» Maybe it's not about
killin
killing
>» Maybe it's not about
killing th
killing them
>» Maybe it's not about
killing them.
Ma
Mayb
killing them.
Maybe
Maybe it
killing them.
Maybe it's
Maybe it's a
killing them.
Maybe it's abo
Maybe it's about
killing them.
Maybe it's about e
Maybe it's about exp
killing them.
Maybe it's about exper
Maybe it's about experim
killing them.
Maybe it's about experimen
Maybe it's about experimenti
killing them.
Maybe it's about experimenting
on
on t
Maybe it's about experimenting
on the
on them,
Maybe it's about experimenting
on them, l
on them, lik
Maybe it's about experimenting
on them, like
on them, like th
Maybe it's about experimenting
on them, like the
Ad
Admi
on them, like the
Admira
Admiral'
on them, like the
Admiral's
Admiral's hi
on them, like the
Admiral's hit
Admiral's hit te
on them, like the
Admiral's hit team
Admiral's hit team.
»>
»> W
Admiral's hit team.
»> We
»> We ha
Admiral's hit team.
»> We have
»> We have t
Admiral's hit team.
»> We have to
»> We have to do
Admiral's hit team.
»> We have to do s
»> We have to do som
Admiral's hit team.
»> We have to do somet
»> We have to do somethi
Admiral's hit team.
»> We have to do something
»> We have to do something.
>» We have to do something.
»>
»> I
>» We have to do something.
»> I'm
»> I'm g
>» We have to do something.
»> I'm goi
»> I'm going
>» We have to do something.
»> I'm going t
»> I'm going to
>» We have to do something.
»> I'm going to us
»> I'm going to use
>» We have to do something.
»> I'm going to use it
>» I'm going to use it
ag
agai
>» I'm going to use it
agains
against
>» I'm going to use it
against th
against them
>» I'm going to use it
against them.
♪
>»
>» I
>» I l
>» I lik
>» I like
>» I like th
>» I like the
>» I like the wa
>» I like the way
>» I like the way yo
>» I like the way you
>» I like the way you th
>» I like the way you thin
>» I like the way you think,
en
engi
>» I like the way you think,
engine
engineer
>» I like the way you think,
engineer.
♪
(C
(Cro
(Crowd
(Crowd d
(Crowd din
(Crowd din)
»>
»> R
(Crowd din)
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
(Crowd din)
»> Ruth: L
»> Ruth: Lay
(Crowd din)
»> Ruth: Layto
»> Ruth: Layton
(Crowd din)
»> Ruth: Layton tr
»> Ruth: Layton trie
(Crowd din)
»> Ruth: Layton tried
»> Ruth: Layton tried to
(Crowd din)
»> Ruth: Layton tried to s
»> Ruth: Layton tried to ste
(Crowd din)
»> Ruth: Layton tried to steal
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
th
the
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
the En
the Engi
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
the Engine
the Engine t
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
the Engine tod
the Engine today
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
the Engine today,
the Engine today, Sa
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
the Engine today, Sam,
the Engine today, Sam, t
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
the Engine today, Sam, twi
the Engine today, Sam, twice
>» Ruth: Layton tried to steal
the Engine today, Sam, twice,
wi
with
the Engine today, Sam, twice,
withou
without
the Engine today, Sam, twice,
without th
without thou
the Engine today, Sam, twice,
without though
without thought
the Engine today, Sam, twice,
without thought fo
without thought for
the Engine today, Sam, twice,
without thought for ev
without thought for ever
the Engine today, Sam, twice,
without thought for everyo
without thought for everyone
el
else
without thought for everyone
else h
else her
without thought for everyone
else here.
Yo
You
else here.
You ca
You can'
else here.
You can't
You can't ma
else here.
You can't make
You can't make u
else here.
You can't make uni
You can't make unila
else here.
You can't make unilate
You can't make unilatera
else here.
You can't make unilateral
de
deci
You can't make unilateral
decisi
decision
You can't make unilateral
decisions
decisions in
You can't make unilateral
decisions in N
decisions in New
You can't make unilateral
decisions in New E
decisions in New Ede
You can't make unilateral
decisions in New Eden.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You k
>» You kee
>» You keep
>» You keep do
>» You keep doin
>» You keep doing
>» You keep doing th
>» You keep doing the
>» You keep doing the sa
>» You keep doing the same
th
thin
>» You keep doing the same
thing
thing he
>» You keep doing the same
thing he i
thing he is.
Yo
You
thing he is.
You th
You thin
thing he is.
You think
You think ev
thing he is.
You think ever
You think everyo
thing he is.
You think everyone
You think everyone a
thing he is.
You think everyone agr
You think everyone agree
thing he is.
You think everyone agrees
You think everyone agrees wi
thing he is.
You think everyone agrees with
yo
you,
You think everyone agrees with
you, b
you, but
You think everyone agrees with
you, but y
you, but you
You think everyone agrees with
you, but you h
you, but you hav
You think everyone agrees with
you, but you haven
you, but you haven't
You think everyone agrees with
you, but you haven't a
you, but you haven't ask
You think everyone agrees with
you, but you haven't asked
you, but you haven't asked.
»>
»> I
you, but you haven't asked.
»> I'm
»> I'm d
you, but you haven't asked.
»> I'm doi
»> I'm doing
you, but you haven't asked.
»> I'm doing t
»> I'm doing the
you, but you haven't asked.
»> I'm doing the s
»> I'm doing the sam
you, but you haven't asked.
»> I'm doing the same
»> I'm doing the same th
you, but you haven't asked.
»> I'm doing the same thin
»> I'm doing the same thing
>» I'm doing the same thing
he
he i
>» I'm doing the same thing
he is,
he is, a
>» I'm doing the same thing
he is, am
he is, am I?
Ri
Righ
he is, am I?
Right.
I'
I'm
Right.
I'm tr
I'm tryi
Right.
I'm trying
I'm trying t
Right.
I'm trying to
I'm trying to lo
Right.
I'm trying to look
I'm trying to look a
Right.
I'm trying to look aft
I'm trying to look after
ev
ever
I'm trying to look after
everyo
everyone
I'm trying to look after
everyone i
everyone in
I'm trying to look after
everyone in Ne
everyone in New
I'm trying to look after
everyone in New Ed
everyone in New Eden
I'm trying to look after
everyone in New Eden.
»>
»> O
everyone in New Eden.
»> Oka
»> Okay,
everyone in New Eden.
»> Okay, m
»> Okay, may
everyone in New Eden.
»> Okay, maybe
»> Okay, maybe I
everyone in New Eden.
»> Okay, maybe I,
»> Okay, maybe I, uh
everyone in New Eden.
»> Okay, maybe I, uh..
»> Okay, maybe I, uh...
>» Okay, maybe I, uh...
Ma
Mayb
>» Okay, maybe I, uh...
Maybe
Maybe I
>» Okay, maybe I, uh...
Maybe I sh
Maybe I shou
>» Okay, maybe I, uh...
Maybe I should
Maybe I shouldn'
>» Okay, maybe I, uh...
Maybe I shouldn't
Maybe I shouldn't ha
>» Okay, maybe I, uh...
Maybe I shouldn't have
sa
said
Maybe I shouldn't have
said t
said tha
Maybe I shouldn't have
said that.
Bu
But
said that.
But I
But I ca
said that.
But I can'
But I can't
said that.
But I can't li
But I can't live
said that.
But I can't live w
But I can't live wit
said that.
But I can't live with
But I can't live with my
said that.
But I can't live with myse
But I can't live with myself
if
if I
But I can't live with myself
if I k
if I kee
But I can't live with myself
if I keep
if I keep a
But I can't live with myself
if I keep a fa
if I keep a fath
But I can't live with myself
if I keep a father
if I keep a father f
But I can't live with myself
if I keep a father fro
if I keep a father from
But I can't live with myself
if I keep a father from go
if I keep a father from goin
But I can't live with myself
if I keep a father from going
af
afte
if I keep a father from going
after
after hi
if I keep a father from going
after his
after his ki
if I keep a father from going
after his kid.
An
And
after his kid.
And I
And I go
after his kid.
And I gott
And I gotta
after his kid.
And I gotta th
And I gotta thin
after his kid.
And I gotta think
And I gotta think th
after his kid.
And I gotta think that
And I gotta think that t
after his kid.
And I gotta think that the
And I gotta think that there
after his kid.
And I gotta think that there's
And I gotta think that there's a
lo
lot
And I gotta think that there's a
lot of
lot of p
And I gotta think that there's a
lot of peo
lot of peopl
And I gotta think that there's a
lot of people
lot of people wh
And I gotta think that there's a
lot of people who
lot of people who fe
And I gotta think that there's a
lot of people who feel
lot of people who feel t
And I gotta think that there's a
lot of people who feel the
lot of people who feel the s
And I gotta think that there's a
lot of people who feel the sam
lot of people who feel the same
wa
way
lot of people who feel the same
way th
way that
lot of people who feel the same
way that I
way that I d
lot of people who feel the same
way that I do.
♪
(Footsteps)
He
Hey.
»>
»> L
Hey.
»> Lay
»> Layto
Hey.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: H
Hey.
»> Layton: Hey
»> Layton: Hey.
>» Layton: Hey.
Ar
Are
>» Layton: Hey.
Are yo
Are you
>» Layton: Hey.
Are you he
Are you here
>» Layton: Hey.
Are you here w
Are you here wit
>» Layton: Hey.
Are you here with
Are you here with go
>» Layton: Hey.
Are you here with good
Are you here with good n
>» Layton: Hey.
Are you here with good new
Are you here with good news
or
or b
Are you here with good news
or bad
or bad?
»>
»> R
or bad?
»> Roc
»> Roche
or bad?
»> Roche:
»> Roche: It
or bad?
»> Roche: It d
»> Roche: It dep
or bad?
»> Roche: It depen
»> Roche: It depends
or bad?
»> Roche: It depends.
>» Roche: It depends.
Ru
Ruth
>» Roche: It depends.
Ruth's
Ruth's p
>» Roche: It depends.
Ruth's put
Ruth's putti
>» Roche: It depends.
Ruth's putting
Ruth's putting i
>» Roche: It depends.
Ruth's putting it
Ruth's putting it to
>» Roche: It depends.
Ruth's putting it to a
Ruth's putting it to a v
>» Roche: It depends.
Ruth's putting it to a vot
Ruth's putting it to a vote.
Le
Let
Ruth's putting it to a vote.
Let th
Let the
Ruth's putting it to a vote.
Let the pe
Let the peop
Ruth's putting it to a vote.
Let the people
Let the people o
Ruth's putting it to a vote.
Let the people of
Let the people of Ne
Ruth's putting it to a vote.
Let the people of New
Let the people of New Ed
Ruth's putting it to a vote.
Let the people of New Eden
de
deci
Let the people of New Eden
decide
decide i
Let the people of New Eden
decide if
decide if yo
Let the people of New Eden
decide if you
decide if you ca
Let the people of New Eden
decide if you can
decide if you can ta
Let the people of New Eden
decide if you can take
th
the
decide if you can take
the En
the Engi
decide if you can take
the Engine
the Engine.
»>
»> L
the Engine.
»> Lay
»> Layto
the Engine.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: A
the Engine.
»> Layton: A v
»> Layton: A vot
the Engine.
»> Layton: A vote?
»> Layton: A vote? (
the Engine.
»> Layton: A vote? (Th
»> Layton: A vote? (Thud
the Engine.
»> Layton: A vote? (Thud)
>» Layton: A vote? (Thud)
Li
Lian
>» Layton: A vote? (Thud)
Liana'
Liana's
>» Layton: A vote? (Thud)
Liana's as
Liana's as g
>» Layton: A vote? (Thud)
Liana's as goo
Liana's as good
>» Layton: A vote? (Thud)
Liana's as good as
Liana's as good as g
>» Layton: A vote? (Thud)
Liana's as good as gon
Liana's as good as gone.
»>
»> H
Liana's as good as gone.
»> Hey
»> Hey,
Liana's as good as gone.
»> Hey, do
»> Hey, don'
Liana's as good as gone.
»> Hey, don't
»> Hey, don't ev
Liana's as good as gone.
»> Hey, don't even
»> Hey, don't even s
Liana's as good as gone.
»> Hey, don't even say
»> Hey, don't even say t
Liana's as good as gone.
»> Hey, don't even say tha
»> Hey, don't even say that!
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»>
»> L
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»> Lay
»> Layto
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»> Layton:
»> Layton: H
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»> Layton: Hey
»> Layton: Hey,
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»> Layton: Hey, af
»> Layton: Hey, afte
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»> Layton: Hey, after
»> Layton: Hey, after ev
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»> Layton: Hey, after ever
»> Layton: Hey, after everyt
>» Hey, don't even say that!
»> Layton: Hey, after everythi
»> Layton: Hey, after everything
>» Layton: Hey, after everything
I
I di
>» Layton: Hey, after everything
I did
I did to
>» Layton: Hey, after everything
I did toda
I did today,
>» Layton: Hey, after everything
I did today, n
I did today, no
>» Layton: Hey, after everything
I did today, no on
I did today, no one
>» Layton: Hey, after everything
I did today, no one in
I did today, no one in t
>» Layton: Hey, after everything
I did today, no one in the
I did today, no one in their
ri
righ
I did today, no one in their
right
right mi
I did today, no one in their
right mind
right mind w
I did today, no one in their
right mind wou
right mind would
I did today, no one in their
right mind would v
right mind would vot
I did today, no one in their
right mind would vote
right mind would vote fo
I did today, no one in their
right mind would vote for
right mind would vote for me
I did today, no one in their
right mind would vote for me.
»>
»> R
right mind would vote for me.
»> Roc
»> Roche
right mind would vote for me.
»> Roche:
»> Roche: I
right mind would vote for me.
»> Roche: I wo
»> Roche: I woul
right mind would vote for me.
»> Roche: I would.
>» Roche: I would.
I
I ow
>» Roche: I would.
I owe
I owe yo
>» Roche: I would.
I owe you
I owe you th
>» Roche: I would.
I owe you that
I owe you that.
I
I wa
I owe you that.
I was
I was he
I owe you that.
I was her
I was her la
I owe you that.
I was her last
I was her last l
I owe you that.
I was her last lin
I was her last line
I owe you that.
I was her last line of
I was her last line of d
I owe you that.
I was her last line of def
I was her last line of defen
I owe you that.
I was her last line of defence
I was her last line of defence.
»>
»> L
I was her last line of defence.
»> Lay
»> Layto
I was her last line of defence.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: H
I was her last line of defence.
»> Layton: Hey
»> Layton: Hey,
I was her last line of defence.
»> Layton: Hey, Ro
»> Layton: Hey, Roch
I was her last line of defence.
»> Layton: Hey, Roche,
»> Layton: Hey, Roche, i
I was her last line of defence.
»> Layton: Hey, Roche, it'
»> Layton: Hey, Roche, it's
I was her last line of defence.
»> Layton: Hey, Roche, it's no
»> Layton: Hey, Roche, it's not
>» Layton: Hey, Roche, it's not
yo
your
>» Layton: Hey, Roche, it's not
your f
your fau
>» Layton: Hey, Roche, it's not
your fault
your fault,
>» Layton: Hey, Roche, it's not
your fault, ok
your fault, okay
>» Layton: Hey, Roche, it's not
your fault, okay?
It
It's
your fault, okay?
It's t
It's the
your fault, okay?
It's their
It's theirs,
your fault, okay?
It's theirs, t
It's theirs, the
your fault, okay?
It's theirs, the o
It's theirs, the one
your fault, okay?
It's theirs, the ones
wh
who
It's theirs, the ones
who to
who took
It's theirs, the ones
who took h
who took her
It's theirs, the ones
who took her.
»>
»> R
who took her.
»> Roc
»> Roche
who took her.
»> Roche:
»> Roche: Lo
who took her.
»> Roche: Look
»> Roche: Look,
who took her.
»> Roche: Look, ma
»> Roche: Look, man,
who took her.
»> Roche: Look, man, y
»> Roche: Look, man, you
who took her.
»> Roche: Look, man, you'v
»> Roche: Look, man, you've
>» Roche: Look, man, you've
go
gott
>» Roche: Look, man, you've
gotta
gotta ma
>» Roche: Look, man, you've
gotta make
gotta make y
>» Roche: Look, man, you've
gotta make you
gotta make your
>» Roche: Look, man, you've
gotta make your ca
gotta make your case
to
to t
gotta make your case
to the
to the t
gotta make your case
to the tow
to the town.
Yo
You
to the town.
You ha
You have
to the town.
You have g
You have got
to the town.
You have got t
You have got to
to the town.
You have got to fi
You have got to figh
to the town.
You have got to fight
You have got to fight fo
to the town.
You have got to fight for
You have got to fight for he
to the town.
You have got to fight for her.
♪
(Tool buzzing)
(Buzzing stops)
>»
>» C
>» Can
>» Can y
>» Can you
>» Can you p
>» Can you ple
>» Can you pleas
>» Can you please
>» Can you please st
>» Can you please stop
>» Can you please stop?
»>
»> A
>» Can you please stop?
»> Ale
»> Alex:
>» Can you please stop?
»> Alex: S
»> Alex: Som
>» Can you please stop?
»> Alex: Someb
»> Alex: Somebod
>» Can you please stop?
»> Alex: Somebody
»> Alex: Somebody wo
>» Can you please stop?
»> Alex: Somebody woke
»> Alex: Somebody woke u
>» Can you please stop?
»> Alex: Somebody woke up
»> Alex: Somebody woke up on
>» Alex: Somebody woke up on
th
the
>» Alex: Somebody woke up on
the wr
the wron
>» Alex: Somebody woke up on
the wrong
the wrong si
>» Alex: Somebody woke up on
the wrong side
the wrong side o
>» Alex: Somebody woke up on
the wrong side of
the wrong side of th
>» Alex: Somebody woke up on
the wrong side of the
the wrong side of the be
>» Alex: Somebody woke up on
the wrong side of the bed
th
this
the wrong side of the bed
this m
this mor
the wrong side of the bed
this morni
this morning
the wrong side of the bed
this morning.
Yo
You
this morning.
You kn
You know
this morning.
You know,
You know, th
this morning.
You know, that
You know, that w
this morning.
You know, that was
You know, that was a
this morning.
You know, that was a n
You know, that was a nic
this morning.
You know, that was a nice
You know, that was a nice jo
this morning.
You know, that was a nice job
wi
with
You know, that was a nice job
with t
with the
You know, that was a nice job
with the b
with the bat
You know, that was a nice job
with the batte
with the battery
You know, that was a nice job
with the battery a
with the battery arr
You know, that was a nice job
with the battery array
with the battery arrays,
by
by t
with the battery arrays,
by the
by the w
with the battery arrays,
by the way
by the way.
It
It w
by the way.
It was
It was n
by the way.
It was nea
It was nearl
by the way.
It was nearly
It was nearly ge
by the way.
It was nearly geni
It was nearly genius
by the way.
It was nearly genius.
Al
Almo
It was nearly genius.
Almost
Almost m
It was nearly genius.
Almost mad
Almost made
It was nearly genius.
Almost made me
Almost made me f
It was nearly genius.
Almost made me for
Almost made me forge
It was nearly genius.
Almost made me forget
Almost made me forget th
It was nearly genius.
Almost made me forget that
Almost made me forget that y
It was nearly genius.
Almost made me forget that you
tr
trie
Almost made me forget that you
tried
tried to
Almost made me forget that you
tried to s
tried to ste
Almost made me forget that you
tried to steal
tried to steal m
Almost made me forget that you
tried to steal my
tried to steal my En
Almost made me forget that you
tried to steal my Engi
tried to steal my Engine
Almost made me forget that you
tried to steal my Engine.
(Tool buzzing)
>»
>» J
>» Jav
>» Javi:
>» Javi: O
>» Javi: Oka
>» Javi: Okay,
>» Javi: Okay, I
>» Javi: Okay, I t
>» Javi: Okay, I thi
>» Javi: Okay, I think
>» Javi: Okay, I think t
>» Javi: Okay, I think the
>» Javi: Okay, I think there
>» Javi: Okay, I think there's
a
a co
>» Javi: Okay, I think there's
a comp
a compli
>» Javi: Okay, I think there's
a complime
a compliment
>» Javi: Okay, I think there's
a compliment h
a compliment hid
>» Javi: Okay, I think there's
a compliment hidde
a compliment hidden
>» Javi: Okay, I think there's
a compliment hidden in
a compliment hidden in t
>» Javi: Okay, I think there's
a compliment hidden in the
a compliment hidden in there
so
some
a compliment hidden in there
somewh
somewher
a compliment hidden in there
somewhere,
somewhere, s
a compliment hidden in there
somewhere, so
somewhere, so th
a compliment hidden in there
somewhere, so than
somewhere, so thank
a compliment hidden in there
somewhere, so thank yo
somewhere, so thank you.
Is
Is t
somewhere, so thank you.
Is tha
Is that
somewhere, so thank you.
Is that Mr
Is that Mr.
somewhere, so thank you.
Is that Mr. Sp
Is that Mr. Spri
somewhere, so thank you.
Is that Mr. Sprink
Is that Mr. Sprinkle
somewhere, so thank you.
Is that Mr. Sprinkles?
»>
»> I
Is that Mr. Sprinkles?
»> It
»> It is
Is that Mr. Sprinkles?
»> It is.
>» It is.
»>
»> Y
>» It is.
»> You
»> You k
>» It is.
»> You kno
»> You know,
>» It is.
»> You know, I
»> You know, I l
>» It is.
»> You know, I los
»> You know, I lost
>» It is.
»> You know, I lost a
>» You know, I lost a
pe
pet
>» You know, I lost a
pet ca
pet cat
>» You know, I lost a
pet cat on
pet cat once
>» You know, I lost a
pet cat once.
No
No,
pet cat once.
No, ne
No, neve
pet cat once.
No, never
No, never go
pet cat once.
No, never got
No, never got ov
pet cat once.
No, never got over
No, never got over i
pet cat once.
No, never got over it.
»>
»> H
No, never got over it.
»> He
»> He ac
No, never got over it.
»> He actu
»> He actual
No, never got over it.
»> He actually
»> He actually w
No, never got over it.
»> He actually was
»> He actually wasn'
No, never got over it.
»> He actually wasn't
>» He actually wasn't
re
real
>» He actually wasn't
really
really a
>» He actually wasn't
really a p
really a pet
>» He actually wasn't
really a pet.
He
He w
really a pet.
He was
He was m
really a pet.
He was mor
He was more
really a pet.
He was more of
He was more of a
really a pet.
He was more of a c
He was more of a co-
really a pet.
He was more of a co-wo
He was more of a co-work
really a pet.
He was more of a co-worker
He was more of a co-worker.
I
I an
He was more of a co-worker.
I anti
I antici
He was more of a co-worker.
I anticipa
I anticipate
He was more of a co-worker.
I anticipated
I anticipated fo
He was more of a co-worker.
I anticipated for
I anticipated for hi
He was more of a co-worker.
I anticipated for him
I anticipated for him to
He was more of a co-worker.
I anticipated for him to d
I anticipated for him to die
be
beca
I anticipated for him to die
becaus
because
I anticipated for him to die
because I
because I wa
I anticipated for him to die
because I was
because I was se
I anticipated for him to die
because I was send
because I was sendin
I anticipated for him to die
because I was sending
because I was sending hi
I anticipated for him to die
because I was sending him
because I was sending him to
I anticipated for him to die
because I was sending him to t
because I was sending him to the
ed
edge
because I was sending him to the
edge o
edge of
because I was sending him to the
edge of th
edge of the
because I was sending him to the
edge of the po
edge of the pock
because I was sending him to the
edge of the pocket
edge of the pocket t
because I was sending him to the
edge of the pocket to
edge of the pocket to ge
because I was sending him to the
edge of the pocket to get
edge of the pocket to get me
da
data
edge of the pocket to get me
data o
data on
edge of the pocket to get me
data on we
data on weat
edge of the pocket to get me
data on weathe
data on weather
edge of the pocket to get me
data on weather pa
data on weather patt
edge of the pocket to get me
data on weather patter
data on weather patterns
an
and
data on weather patterns
and at
and atmo
data on weather patterns
and atmosp
and atmosphe
data on weather patterns
and atmospheri
and atmospheric
data on weather patterns
and atmospheric pr
and atmospheric pres
data on weather patterns
and atmospheric pressu
and atmospheric pressure
data on weather patterns
and atmospheric pressure.
I
I fi
and atmospheric pressure.
I figu
I figure
and atmospheric pressure.
I figured
I figured th
and atmospheric pressure.
I figured that
I figured that o
and atmospheric pressure.
I figured that one
I figured that one d
and atmospheric pressure.
I figured that one day
I figured that one day h
and atmospheric pressure.
I figured that one day he
I figured that one day he wo
and atmospheric pressure.
I figured that one day he woul
I figured that one day he would
fl
fly
I figured that one day he would
fly ou
fly out
I figured that one day he would
fly out to
fly out too
I figured that one day he would
fly out too fa
fly out too far
I figured that one day he would
fly out too far an
fly out too far and
I figured that one day he would
fly out too far and fr
fly out too far and free
I figured that one day he would
fly out too far and freeze
to
to d
fly out too far and freeze
to dea
to death
fly out too far and freeze
to death.
»>
»> I
to death.
»> Is
»> Is th
to death.
»> Is that
»> Is that h
to death.
»> Is that how
»> Is that how h
to death.
»> Is that how he
»> Is that how he di
to death.
»> Is that how he died
»> Is that how he died?
>» Is that how he died?
»>
»> N
>» Is that how he died?
»> Nop
»> Nope,
>» Is that how he died?
»> Nope, e
»> Nope, exs
>» Is that how he died?
»> Nope, exsan
»> Nope, exsangu
>» Is that how he died?
»> Nope, exsanguin
»> Nope, exsanguinat
>» Is that how he died?
»> Nope, exsanguinatio
»> Nope, exsanguination.
>» Nope, exsanguination.
»>
»> E
>» Nope, exsanguination.
»> Exs
»> Exsan
>» Nope, exsanguination.
»> Exsangu
»> Exsanguin
>» Nope, exsanguination.
»> Exsanguinat
»> Exsanguinatio
>» Nope, exsanguination.
»> Exsanguination?
>» Exsanguination?
So
So h
>» Exsanguination?
So his
So his b
>» Exsanguination?
So his blo
So his blood
>» Exsanguination?
So his blood's
So his blood's g
>» Exsanguination?
So his blood's gon
So his blood's gone?
Do
Do w
So his blood's gone?
Do we
Do we ne
So his blood's gone?
Do we need
Do we need t
So his blood's gone?
Do we need to
Do we need to wo
So his blood's gone?
Do we need to worr
Do we need to worry
So his blood's gone?
Do we need to worry ab
Do we need to worry abou
So his blood's gone?
Do we need to worry about
va
vamp
Do we need to worry about
vampir
vampires
Do we need to worry about
vampires n
vampires now
Do we need to worry about
vampires now,
vampires now, on
Do we need to worry about
vampires now, on t
vampires now, on top
of
of e
vampires now, on top
of eve
of every
vampires now, on top
of everyth
of everythin
vampires now, on top
of everything
of everything el
vampires now, on top
of everything else
of everything else?
»>
»> H
of everything else?
»> Hmm
»> Hmm,
of everything else?
»> Hmm, fu
»> Hmm, funn
of everything else?
»> Hmm, funny.
>» Hmm, funny.
Ac
Actu
>» Hmm, funny.
Actual
Actually
>» Hmm, funny.
Actually i
Actually it
>» Hmm, funny.
Actually it te
Actually it tell
>» Hmm, funny.
Actually it tells
Actually it tells me
>» Hmm, funny.
Actually it tells me t
Actually it tells me tha
>» Hmm, funny.
Actually it tells me that
Actually it tells me that my
no
nose
Actually it tells me that my
nosebl
noseblee
Actually it tells me that my
nosebleeds
nosebleeds a
Actually it tells me that my
nosebleeds are
nosebleeds aren'
Actually it tells me that my
nosebleeds aren't
nosebleeds aren't a
Actually it tells me that my
nosebleeds aren't a fl
nosebleeds aren't a fluk
Actually it tells me that my
nosebleeds aren't a fluke.
I
I ge
nosebleeds aren't a fluke.
I get
I get th
nosebleeds aren't a fluke.
I get them
I get them e
nosebleeds aren't a fluke.
I get them eve
I get them every
nosebleeds aren't a fluke.
I get them every t
I get them every tim
nosebleeds aren't a fluke.
I get them every time
I get them every time I'
nosebleeds aren't a fluke.
I get them every time I'm
I get them every time I'm at
hi
high
I get them every time I'm at
higher
higher e
I get them every time I'm at
higher ele
higher eleva
I get them every time I'm at
higher elevati
higher elevation
I get them every time I'm at
higher elevations
higher elevations wh
I get them every time I'm at
higher elevations when
higher elevations when I
I get them every time I'm at
higher elevations when I'm
higher elevations when I'm n
I get them every time I'm at
higher elevations when I'm nea
higher elevations when I'm near
th
the
higher elevations when I'm near
the ed
the edge
higher elevations when I'm near
the edge o
the edge of
higher elevations when I'm near
the edge of th
the edge of the
higher elevations when I'm near
the edge of the po
the edge of the pock
higher elevations when I'm near
the edge of the pocket
the edge of the pocket.
»>
»> J
the edge of the pocket.
»> Jav
»> Javi:
the edge of the pocket.
»> Javi: N
»> Javi: Nos
the edge of the pocket.
»> Javi: Noseb
»> Javi: Noseble
the edge of the pocket.
»> Javi: Nosebleed
»> Javi: Nosebleeds?
>» Javi: Nosebleeds?
Ho
How
>» Javi: Nosebleeds?
How lo
How long
>» Javi: Nosebleeds?
How long h
How long has
>» Javi: Nosebleeds?
How long has t
How long has tha
>» Javi: Nosebleeds?
How long has that
How long has that be
>» Javi: Nosebleeds?
How long has that been
go
goin
How long has that been
going
going on
How long has that been
going on f
going on for
How long has that been
going on for?
»>
»> A
going on for?
»> Ale
»> Alex:
going on for?
»> Alex: A
»> Alex: A f
going on for?
»> Alex: A few
»> Alex: A few w
going on for?
»> Alex: A few wee
»> Alex: A few weeks
going on for?
»> Alex: A few weeks.
>» Alex: A few weeks.
I'
I'm
>» Alex: A few weeks.
I'm fi
I'm fine
>» Alex: A few weeks.
I'm fine.
I
I ju
I'm fine.
I just
I just n
I'm fine.
I just nee
I just need
I'm fine.
I just need to
I just need to f
I'm fine.
I just need to fol
I just need to follo
I'm fine.
I just need to follow
I just need to follow th
I'm fine.
I just need to follow the
I just need to follow the da
I'm fine.
I just need to follow the data
I just need to follow the data.
»>
»> W
I just need to follow the data.
»> Who
»> Whoa,
I just need to follow the data.
»> Whoa, w
»> Whoa, who
I just need to follow the data.
»> Whoa, whoa,
»> Whoa, whoa, w
I just need to follow the data.
»> Whoa, whoa, who
»> Whoa, whoa, whoa,
I just need to follow the data.
»> Whoa, whoa, whoa, w
»> Whoa, whoa, whoa, who
I just need to follow the data.
»> Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Yo
You'
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're
You're n
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're not
You're not l
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're not lea
You're not leavi
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're not leaving
You're not leaving h
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're not leaving him
You're not leaving him i
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're not leaving him in
You're not leaving him in he
>» Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're not leaving him in here
You're not leaving him in here?
»>
»> W
You're not leaving him in here?
»> Wel
»> Well,
You're not leaving him in here?
»> Well, I
»> Well, I d
You're not leaving him in here?
»> Well, I don
»> Well, I don't
You're not leaving him in here?
»> Well, I don't w
»> Well, I don't wan
You're not leaving him in here?
»> Well, I don't want
>» Well, I don't want
a
a de
>» Well, I don't want
a dead
a dead b
>» Well, I don't want
a dead bir
a dead bird
>» Well, I don't want
a dead bird in
a dead bird in m
>» Well, I don't want
a dead bird in my
a dead bird in my ro
>» Well, I don't want
a dead bird in my room
a dead bird in my room.
»>
»> C
a dead bird in my room.
»> Com
»> Come
a dead bird in my room.
»> Come on
»> Come on!
>» Come on!
(D
(Doo
>» Come on!
(Door
(Door sl
>» Come on!
(Door slam
(Door slams)
(F
(Foo
(Door slams)
(Foots
(Footste
(Door slams)
(Footsteps
(Footsteps)
»>
»> L
(Footsteps)
»> Lay
»> Layto
(Footsteps)
»> Layton:
»> Layton: J
(Footsteps)
»> Layton: Jos
»> Layton: Josie
(Footsteps)
»> Layton: Josie,
»> Layton: Josie, I,
(Footsteps)
»> Layton: Josie, I, u
»> Layton: Josie, I, uh-
(Footsteps)
»> Layton: Josie, I, uh--
>» Layton: Josie, I, uh--
»>
»> J
>» Layton: Josie, I, uh--
»> Jos
»> Josie
>» Layton: Josie, I, uh--
»> Josie:
»> Josie: I
>» Layton: Josie, I, uh--
»> Josie: I wa
»> Josie: I was
>» Layton: Josie, I, uh--
»> Josie: I was wi
»> Josie: I was with
>» Layton: Josie, I, uh--
»> Josie: I was with y
»> Josie: I was with you
>» Layton: Josie, I, uh--
»> Josie: I was with you.
>» Josie: I was with you.
We
We'r
>» Josie: I was with you.
We're
We're su
>» Josie: I was with you.
We're supp
We're suppos
>» Josie: I was with you.
We're supposed
We're supposed t
>» Josie: I was with you.
We're supposed to
We're supposed to be
in
in t
We're supposed to be
in thi
in this
We're supposed to be
in this to
in this toge
We're supposed to be
in this togeth
in this together
We're supposed to be
in this together.
»>
»> L
in this together.
»> Lay
»> Layto
in this together.
»> Layton:
»> Layton: W
in this together.
»> Layton: We
»> Layton: We ar
in this together.
»> Layton: We are.
>» Layton: We are.
»>
»> W
>» Layton: We are.
»> We'
»> We're
>» Layton: We are.
»> We're n
»> We're not
>» Layton: We are.
»> We're not.
>» We're not.
»>
»> I
>» We're not.
»> I'v
»> I've
>» We're not.
»> I've be
»> I've been
>» We're not.
»> I've been o
»> I've been out
>» We're not.
»> I've been out o
»> I've been out of
>» We're not.
»> I've been out of my
»> I've been out of my m
>» We're not.
»> I've been out of my min
»> I've been out of my mind.
>» I've been out of my mind.
I
I lo
>» I've been out of my mind.
I lost
I lost L
>» I've been out of my mind.
I lost Lia
I lost Liana
>» I've been out of my mind.
I lost Liana,
I lost Liana, I
>» I've been out of my mind.
I lost Liana, I lo
I lost Liana, I lost
>» I've been out of my mind.
I lost Liana, I lost Z
I lost Liana, I lost Zar
>» I've been out of my mind.
I lost Liana, I lost Zarah
I lost Liana, I lost Zarah,
an
and-
I lost Liana, I lost Zarah,
and--
»>
»> L
and--
»> Loo
»> Look,
and--
»> Look, I
»> Look, I k
and--
»> Look, I kno
»> Look, I know!
>» Look, I know!
We
Well
>» Look, I know!
Well,
Well, I
>» Look, I know!
Well, I wa
Well, I was
>» Look, I know!
Well, I was wi
Well, I was with
>» Look, I know!
Well, I was with h
Well, I was with her
wh
when
Well, I was with her
when s
when she
Well, I was with her
when she d
when she die
Well, I was with her
when she died.
I
I sa
when she died.
I saw
I saw th
when she died.
I saw the
I saw the li
when she died.
I saw the ligh
I saw the light
when she died.
I saw the light go
I saw the light go o
when she died.
I saw the light go out
in
in h
I saw the light go out
in her
in her e
I saw the light go out
in her eye
in her eyes.
I
I he
in her eyes.
I hear
I heard
in her eyes.
I heard th
I heard the
in her eyes.
I heard the fe
I heard the fear
in her eyes.
I heard the fear i
I heard the fear in
in her eyes.
I heard the fear in he
I heard the fear in her
in her eyes.
I heard the fear in her vo
I heard the fear in her voic
in her eyes.
I heard the fear in her voice!
Do
Do y
I heard the fear in her voice!
Do you
Do you k
I heard the fear in her voice!
Do you kno
Do you know
I heard the fear in her voice!
Do you know wh
Do you know what
as
aske
Do you know what
asked
asked me
Do you know what
asked me t
asked me to
Do you know what
asked me to do
asked me to do?
Sh
She.
asked me to do?
She...
She... s
asked me to do?
She... she
She... she a
asked me to do?
She... she ask
She... she asked
asked me to do?
She... she asked t
She... she asked to
asked me to do?
She... she asked to lo
She... she asked to look
asked me to do?
She... she asked to look a
She... she asked to look aft
asked me to do?
She... she asked to look after
Li
Lian
She... she asked to look after
Liana.
Th
That
Liana.
That i
That is
Liana.
That is no
That is not
Liana.
That is not so
That is not some
Liana.
That is not someth
That is not somethin
Liana.
That is not something
That is not something th
Liana.
That is not something that
I
I ta
That is not something that
I take
I take t
That is not something that
I take tha
I take that
That is not something that
I take that li
I take that ligh
That is not something that
I take that lightl
I take that lightly.
Yo
You
I take that lightly.
You kn
You know
I take that lightly.
You know t
You know tha
I take that lightly.
You know that
You know that I'
I take that lightly.
You know that I've
You know that I've l
I take that lightly.
You know that I've lov
You know that I've loved
I take that lightly.
You know that I've loved t
You know that I've loved tha
I take that lightly.
You know that I've loved that
li
litt
You know that I've loved that
little
little g
You know that I've loved that
little gir
little girl
You know that I've loved that
little girl si
little girl sinc
You know that I've loved that
little girl since
little girl since th
You know that I've loved that
little girl since the
little girl since the da
You know that I've loved that
little girl since the day
sh
she
little girl since the day
she wa
she was
little girl since the day
she was bo
she was born
little girl since the day
she was born.
»>
»> I
she was born.
»> I k
»> I kno
she was born.
»> I know.
>» I know.
I
I kn
>» I know.
I know
I know.
I
I kn
I know.
I know
I know y
I know.
I know you
I know you l
I know.
I know you lov
I know you love
I know.
I know you love Li
I know you love Lian
I know.
I know you love Liana.
I'
I've
I know you love Liana.
I've w
I've wat
I know you love Liana.
I've watch
I've watched
I know you love Liana.
I've watched y
I've watched you
I know you love Liana.
I've watched you c
I've watched you car
I know you love Liana.
I've watched you care
I've watched you care fo
I know you love Liana.
I've watched you care for
I've watched you care for he
I know you love Liana.
I've watched you care for her
an
and
I've watched you care for her
and fe
and feed
I've watched you care for her
and feed h
and feed her
I've watched you care for her
and feed her.
♪
I'
I'm
I'm so
I'm sorr
I'm sorry.
I
I am
I'm sorry.
I am s
I am so
I'm sorry.
I am so so
I am so sorr
I'm sorry.
I am so sorry.
Ca
Can
I am so sorry.
Can yo
Can you
I am so sorry.
Can you fo
Can you forg
I am so sorry.
Can you forgiv
Can you forgive
I am so sorry.
Can you forgive me
Can you forgive me?
♪
(Indistinct chatter)
>»
>» V
>» Vot
>» Votin
>» Voting
>» Voting is
>» Voting is a
>» Voting is a v
>» Voting is a vit
>» Voting is a vital
>» Voting is a vital r
>» Voting is a vital rig
>» Voting is a vital right
in
in a
>» Voting is a vital right
in any
in any d
>» Voting is a vital right
in any dem
in any democ
>» Voting is a vital right
in any democra
in any democracy
>» Voting is a vital right
in any democracy,
an
and
in any democracy,
and to
and toda
in any democracy,
and today'
and today's
in any democracy,
and today's vo
and today's vote
in any democracy,
and today's vote m
and today's vote may
in any democracy,
and today's vote may b
and today's vote may be
in any democracy,
and today's vote may be am
and today's vote may be amon
in any democracy,
and today's vote may be among
th
the
and today's vote may be among
the mo
the most
and today's vote may be among
the most i
the most imp
and today's vote may be among
the most impor
the most importa
and today's vote may be among
the most important
the most important y
and today's vote may be among
the most important you
the most important you'l
and today's vote may be among
the most important you'll
ev
ever
the most important you'll
ever m
ever mak
the most important you'll
ever make.
Mi
Miss
ever make.
Miss A
Miss Aud
ever make.
Miss Audre
Miss Audrey
ever make.
Miss Audrey wa
Miss Audrey warn
ever make.
Miss Audrey warned
Miss Audrey warned u
ever make.
Miss Audrey warned us
Miss Audrey warned us th
ever make.
Miss Audrey warned us that
an
anta
Miss Audrey warned us that
antago
antagoni
Miss Audrey warned us that
antagonist
antagonistic
Miss Audrey warned us that
antagonistic f
antagonistic for
Miss Audrey warned us that
antagonistic force
antagonistic forces
Miss Audrey warned us that
antagonistic forces to
antagonistic forces took
Sn
Snow
antagonistic forces took
Snowpi
Snowpier
antagonistic forces took
Snowpierce
Snowpiercer.
Mr
Mr.
Snowpiercer.
Mr. La
Mr. Layt
Snowpiercer.
Mr. Layton
Mr. Layton b
Snowpiercer.
Mr. Layton bel
Mr. Layton belie
Snowpiercer.
Mr. Layton believe
Mr. Layton believes
Snowpiercer.
Mr. Layton believes th
Mr. Layton believes they
Snowpiercer.
Mr. Layton believes they a
Mr. Layton believes they are
th
the
Mr. Layton believes they are
the sa
the same
Mr. Layton believes they are
the same f
the same for
Mr. Layton believes they are
the same force
the same forces
Mr. Layton believes they are
the same forces re
the same forces resp
Mr. Layton believes they are
the same forces respon
the same forces responsi
Mr. Layton believes they are
the same forces responsibl
the same forces responsible
Mr. Layton believes they are
the same forces responsible fo
the same forces responsible for
th
the
the same forces responsible for
the mu
the murd
the same forces responsible for
the murder
the murder o
the same forces responsible for
the murder of
the murder of Za
the same forces responsible for
the murder of Zara
the murder of Zarah
the same forces responsible for
the murder of Zarah Fe
the murder of Zarah Fera
the same forces responsible for
the murder of Zarah Ferami
the murder of Zarah Ferami a
the same forces responsible for
the murder of Zarah Ferami and
th
the
the murder of Zarah Ferami and
the ki
the kidn
the murder of Zarah Ferami and
the kidnap
the kidnappi
the murder of Zarah Ferami and
the kidnapping
the kidnapping o
the murder of Zarah Ferami and
the kidnapping of
the kidnapping of th
the murder of Zarah Ferami and
the kidnapping of thei
the kidnapping of their
da
daug
the kidnapping of their
daught
daughter
the kidnapping of their
daughter,
daughter, Li
the kidnapping of their
daughter, Lian
daughter, Liana.
He
He w
daughter, Liana.
He wou
He would
daughter, Liana.
He would l
He would lik
daughter, Liana.
He would like
He would like to
daughter, Liana.
He would like to t
He would like to tak
daughter, Liana.
He would like to take
He would like to take Bi
daughter, Liana.
He would like to take Big
He would like to take Big Al
daughter, Liana.
He would like to take Big Alic
He would like to take Big Alice
to
to g
He would like to take Big Alice
to go
to go af
He would like to take Big Alice
to go afte
to go after
He would like to take Big Alice
to go after th
to go after them
He would like to take Big Alice
to go after them.
(M
(Mur
to go after them.
(Murmu
(Murmuri
to go after them.
(Murmuring
(Murmuring)
Th
Than
(Murmuring)
Thanks
Thanks t
(Murmuring)
Thanks to
Thanks to Mr
(Murmuring)
Thanks to Mr.
Thanks to Mr. de
(Murmuring)
Thanks to Mr. de l
Thanks to Mr. de la
(Murmuring)
Thanks to Mr. de la To
Thanks to Mr. de la Torr
(Murmuring)
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
Ne
New
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
New Ed
New Eden
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
New Eden c
New Eden can
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
New Eden can s
New Eden can sur
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
New Eden can survi
New Eden can survive
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
New Eden can survive f
New Eden can survive for
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
New Eden can survive for t
New Eden can survive for thr
Thanks to Mr. de la Torre,
New Eden can survive for three
we
week
New Eden can survive for three
weeks
weeks wi
New Eden can survive for three
weeks with
weeks withou
New Eden can survive for three
weeks without
weeks without th
New Eden can survive for three
weeks without the
weeks without the En
New Eden can survive for three
weeks without the Engi
weeks without the Engine
New Eden can survive for three
weeks without the Engine a
weeks without the Engine as
New Eden can survive for three
weeks without the Engine as a
po
powe
weeks without the Engine as a
power
power so
weeks without the Engine as a
power sour
power source
weeks without the Engine as a
power source.
Bu
But
power source.
But th
But thre
power source.
But three
But three we
power source.
But three week
But three weeks
power source.
But three weeks is
But three weeks is t
power source.
But three weeks is the
But three weeks is the m
power source.
But three weeks is the max
But three weeks is the maxim
power source.
But three weeks is the maximum
But three weeks is the maximum.
Wi
Wint
But three weeks is the maximum.
Winter
Winter i
But three weeks is the maximum.
Winter ins
Winter ins a
But three weeks is the maximum.
Winter ins app
Winter ins appro
But three weeks is the maximum.
Winter ins approac
Winter ins approachi
But three weeks is the maximum.
Winter ins approaching
Winter ins approaching.
We
We w
Winter ins approaching.
We wil
We will
Winter ins approaching.
We will no
We will not
Winter ins approaching.
We will not su
We will not surv
Winter ins approaching.
We will not surviv
We will not survive
Winter ins approaching.
We will not survive wi
We will not survive with
Winter ins approaching.
We will not survive withou
We will not survive without
th
the
We will not survive without
the En
the Engi
We will not survive without
the Engine
the Engine.
♪
We
We s
We sho
We shoul
We should
We should al
We should also
We should also c
We should also con
We should also consi
We should also conside
We should also consider
We should also consider sa
We should also consider safe
We should also consider safety
We should also consider safety.
Ou
Our
We should also consider safety.
Our at
Our atta
We should also consider safety.
Our attack
Our attacker
We should also consider safety.
Our attackers
Our attackers ma
We should also consider safety.
Our attackers may
Our attackers may re
We should also consider safety.
Our attackers may retu
Our attackers may return
We should also consider safety.
Our attackers may return.
Ha
Havi
Our attackers may return.
Having
Having t
Our attackers may return.
Having the
Having the E
Our attackers may return.
Having the Eng
Having the Engin
Our attackers may return.
Having the Engine
Having the Engine gi
Our attackers may return.
Having the Engine give
Having the Engine gives
Our attackers may return.
Having the Engine gives us
a
a me
Having the Engine gives us
a mean
a means
Having the Engine gives us
a means of
a means of e
Having the Engine gives us
a means of esc
a means of escap
Having the Engine gives us
a means of escape.
♪
Without that...
we
we a
we are
we are v
we are vul
we are vulne
we are vulnera
we are vulnerabl
we are vulnerable.
(M
(Mur
we are vulnerable.
(Murmu
(Murmuri
we are vulnerable.
(Murmuring
(Murmurings)
♪
I yield the floor to Mr. Layton.
(Murmuring continues)
♪
>»
>» I
>» I c
>» I cou
>» I could
>» I could m
>» I could mak
>» I could make
>» I could make th
>» I could make the
>» I could make the bi
>» I could make the big
ra
rall
>» I could make the big
rallyi
rallying
>» I could make the big
rallying s
rallying spe
>» I could make the big
rallying speec
rallying speech
>» I could make the big
rallying speech ri
rallying speech righ
>» I could make the big
rallying speech right
rallying speech right no
>» I could make the big
rallying speech right now.
Bu
But
rallying speech right now.
But I'
But I'm
rallying speech right now.
But I'm no
But I'm not
rallying speech right now.
But I'm not sp
But I'm not spea
rallying speech right now.
But I'm not speaki
But I'm not speaking
rallying speech right now.
But I'm not speaking t
But I'm not speaking to
rallying speech right now.
But I'm not speaking to yo
But I'm not speaking to you
to
toda
But I'm not speaking to you
today
today as
But I'm not speaking to you
today as a
today as a l
But I'm not speaking to you
today as a lea
today as a leade
But I'm not speaking to you
today as a leader
today as a leader of
But I'm not speaking to you
today as a leader of a
re
rebe
today as a leader of a
rebell
rebellio
today as a leader of a
rebellion,
rebellion, o
today as a leader of a
rebellion, or
rebellion, or as
today as a leader of a
rebellion, or as t
rebellion, or as the
today as a leader of a
rebellion, or as the m
rebellion, or as the mem
today as a leader of a
rebellion, or as the membe
rebellion, or as the member
today as a leader of a
rebellion, or as the member of
th
the
rebellion, or as the member of
the to
the town
rebellion, or as the member of
the town c
the town cou
rebellion, or as the member of
the town counc
the town council
rebellion, or as the member of
the town council.
♪
I'
I'm
I'm ju
I'm just
I'm just a
I'm just a d
I'm just a dad
wh
who
I'm just a dad
who lo
who love
I'm just a dad
who loves
who loves hi
I'm just a dad
who loves his
who loves his ki
I'm just a dad
who loves his kid.
♪
I
I ne
I need
I need t
I need to
I need to fi
I need to figh
I need to fight
I need to fight fo
I need to fight for
I need to fight for my
ba
baby
I need to fight for my
baby g
baby gir
I need to fight for my
baby girl.
th
the
baby girl.
the sa
the same
baby girl.
the same w
the same way
baby girl.
the same way I
the same way I'v
baby girl.
the same way I've
the same way I've al
baby girl.
the same way I've alwa
the same way I've always
baby girl.
the same way I've always f
the same way I've always fou
baby girl.
the same way I've always fough
the same way I've always fought
fo
for
the same way I've always fought
for al
for all
the same way I've always fought
for all of
for all of y
the same way I've always fought
for all of you
for all of you.
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
(Footsteps)
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You c
>» You can
>» You can t
>» You can tak
>» You can take
>» You can take th
>» You can take the
>» You can take the En
>» You can take the Engi
>» You can take the Engine
>» You can take the Engine..
>» You can take the Engine...
as
assu
>» You can take the Engine...
assumi
assuming
>» You can take the Engine...
assuming y
assuming you
>» You can take the Engine...
assuming you a
assuming you agr
>» You can take the Engine...
assuming you agree
assuming you agree t
>» You can take the Engine...
assuming you agree to
assuming you agree to te
>» You can take the Engine...
assuming you agree to term
assuming you agree to terms.
»>
»> A
assuming you agree to terms.
»> Any
»> Anyth
assuming you agree to terms.
»> Anythin
»> Anything.
>» Anything.
»>
»> Y
>» Anything.
»> You
»> You h
>» Anything.
»> You hav
»> You have
>» Anything.
»> You have re
»> You have retu
>» Anything.
»> You have return
»> You have return h
>» Anything.
»> You have return her
»> You have return here
>» Anything.
»> You have return here wi
»> You have return here with
>» Anything.
»> You have return here within
>» You have return here within
th
thre
>» You have return here within
three
three we
>» You have return here within
three week
three weeks
>» You have return here within
three weeks ti
three weeks time
>» You have return here within
three weeks time.
No
No l
three weeks time.
No lat
No later
three weeks time.
No later.
Yo
You
No later.
You ma
You may
No later.
You may ta
You may take
No later.
You may take u
You may take up
No later.
You may take up to
You may take up to t
No later.
You may take up to thr
You may take up to three
ad
addi
You may take up to three
additi
addition
You may take up to three
additional
additional c
You may take up to three
additional car
additional cars
You may take up to three
additional cars wi
additional cars with
You may take up to three
additional cars with y
additional cars with you
You may take up to three
additional cars with you,
no
none
additional cars with you,
none f
none fro
additional cars with you,
none from
none from Ag
additional cars with you,
none from Ag-S
none from Ag-Sec
additional cars with you,
none from Ag-Sec.
An
And
none from Ag-Sec.
And if
And if a
none from Ag-Sec.
And if any
And if anyon
none from Ag-Sec.
And if anyone
And if anyone is
none from Ag-Sec.
And if anyone is g
And if anyone is goi
none from Ag-Sec.
And if anyone is going
And if anyone is going w
none from Ag-Sec.
And if anyone is going wit
And if anyone is going with
yo
you,
And if anyone is going with
you, t
you, the
And if anyone is going with
you, they
you, they mu
And if anyone is going with
you, they must
you, they must o
And if anyone is going with
you, they must off
you, they must offic
And if anyone is going with
you, they must officia
you, they must officiall
And if anyone is going with
you, they must officially
vo
volu
you, they must officially
volunt
voluntee
you, they must officially
volunteer.
En
Engi
volunteer.
Engine
Engineer
volunteer.
Engineers
Engineers in
volunteer.
Engineers incl
Engineers includ
volunteer.
Engineers included
Engineers included.
Do
Do y
Engineers included.
Do you
Do you a
Engineers included.
Do you agr
Do you agree
Engineers included.
Do you agreed?
»>
»> A
Do you agreed?
»> Agr
»> Agree
Do you agreed?
»> Agreed.
♪
Yo
You
You di
You didn
You didn't
You didn't v
You didn't vot
You didn't vote
You didn't vote fo
You didn't vote for
You didn't vote for me
You didn't vote for me,
You didn't vote for me, di
You didn't vote for me, did
You didn't vote for me, did yo
You didn't vote for me, did you?
»>
»> I
You didn't vote for me, did you?
»> I d
»> I did
You didn't vote for me, did you?
»> I did n
»> I did not
You didn't vote for me, did you?
»> I did not,
»> I did not, no
You didn't vote for me, did you?
»> I did not, no.
>» I did not, no.
Bu
But
>» I did not, no.
But th
But the
>» I did not, no.
But the pe
But the peop
>» I did not, no.
But the people
But the people o
>» I did not, no.
But the people of
But the people of Ne
>» I did not, no.
But the people of New
But the people of New Ed
>» I did not, no.
But the people of New Eden
But the people of New Eden d
>» I did not, no.
But the people of New Eden did
But the people of New Eden did.
Th
That
But the people of New Eden did.
That's
That's w
But the people of New Eden did.
That's wha
That's what
But the people of New Eden did.
That's what ma
That's what matt
But the people of New Eden did.
That's what matter
That's what matters.
I'
I'll
That's what matters.
I'll h
I'll hon
That's what matters.
I'll honou
I'll honour
That's what matters.
I'll honour th
I'll honour thei
That's what matters.
I'll honour their
I'll honour their vo
That's what matters.
I'll honour their vote
I'll honour their votes.
»>
»> I
I'll honour their votes.
»> I w
»> I wou
I'll honour their votes.
»> I would
»> I would e
I'll honour their votes.
»> I would exp
»> I would expec
I'll honour their votes.
»> I would expect
»> I would expect an
I'll honour their votes.
»> I would expect anyt
»> I would expect anythi
I'll honour their votes.
»> I would expect anything
»> I would expect anything l
I'll honour their votes.
»> I would expect anything les
»> I would expect anything less.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton,
>» Layton, I
>» Layton, I w
>» Layton, I wan
>» Layton, I want
>» Layton, I want yo
>» Layton, I want you
>» Layton, I want you to
>» Layton, I want you to k
>» Layton, I want you to kno
>» Layton, I want you to know
th
that
>» Layton, I want you to know
that a
that as
>» Layton, I want you to know
that as yo
that as your
>» Layton, I want you to know
that as your f
that as your fri
>» Layton, I want you to know
that as your frien
that as your friend,
>» Layton, I want you to know
that as your friend, I
that as your friend, I'm
>» Layton, I want you to know
that as your friend, I'm h
that as your friend, I'm hap
>» Layton, I want you to know
that as your friend, I'm happy
th
that
that as your friend, I'm happy
that y
that you
that as your friend, I'm happy
that you'r
that you're
that as your friend, I'm happy
that you're go
that you're goin
that as your friend, I'm happy
that you're going
that you're going af
that as your friend, I'm happy
that you're going afte
that you're going after
yo
your
that you're going after
your d
your dau
that you're going after
your daugh
your daughte
that you're going after
your daughter.
Bu
But
your daughter.
But as
But as a
your daughter.
But as a C
But as a Cou
your daughter.
But as a Counc
But as a Council
your daughter.
But as a Council m
But as a Council mem
your daughter.
But as a Council membe
But as a Council member.
your daughter.
But as a Council member...
I
I ju
But as a Council member...
I just
I just h
But as a Council member...
I just hop
I just hope
But as a Council member...
I just hope yo
I just hope you'
But as a Council member...
I just hope you've
I just hope you've c
But as a Council member...
I just hope you've con
I just hope you've consi
But as a Council member...
I just hope you've conside
I just hope you've considere
But as a Council member...
I just hope you've considered
al
all
I just hope you've considered
all th
all the
I just hope you've considered
all the va
all the vari
I just hope you've considered
all the variab
all the variable
I just hope you've considered
all the variables.
»>
»> I
all the variables.
»> I'l
»> I'll
all the variables.
»> I'll ke
»> I'll keep
all the variables.
»> I'll keep m
»> I'll keep my
all the variables.
»> I'll keep my ey
»> I'll keep my eyes
all the variables.
»> I'll keep my eyes o
»> I'll keep my eyes ope
all the variables.
»> I'll keep my eyes open.
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'
I'm
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'm a
I'm a Wa
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'm a Wart
I'm a Wartim
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'm a Wartime
I'm a Wartime Ge
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'm a Wartime Gene
I'm a Wartime Genera
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'm a Wartime General,
I'm a Wartime General, r
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'm a Wartime General, rem
I'm a Wartime General, remem
>» I'll keep my eyes open.
I'm a Wartime General, remembe
I'm a Wartime General, remember?
♪
>»
>» H
>» Hey
>» Hey.
>» Hey. So
>» Hey. So,
>» Hey. So, th
>» Hey. So, this
>» Hey. So, this i
>» Hey. So, this is
>» Hey. So, this is th
>» Hey. So, this is the
>» Hey. So, this is the la
>» Hey. So, this is the last
of
of i
>» Hey. So, this is the last
of it.
Do
Do y
of it.
Do you
Do you t
of it.
Do you thi
Do you think
of it.
Do you think i
Do you think it'
of it.
Do you think it'll
Do you think it'll b
of it.
Do you think it'll be
Do you think it'll be en
of it.
Do you think it'll be enou
Do you think it'll be enough
of it.
Do you think it'll be enough?
»>
»> I
Do you think it'll be enough?
»> It'
»> It's
Do you think it'll be enough?
»> It's al
»> It's all
Do you think it'll be enough?
»> It's all we
»> It's all we c
Do you think it'll be enough?
»> It's all we can
»> It's all we can s
Do you think it'll be enough?
»> It's all we can spa
»> It's all we can spare
Do you think it'll be enough?
»> It's all we can spare.
>» It's all we can spare.
»>
»> O
>» It's all we can spare.
»> Oka
»> Okay,
>» It's all we can spare.
»> Okay, w
»> Okay, we'
>» It's all we can spare.
»> Okay, we'll
»> Okay, we'll t
>» It's all we can spare.
»> Okay, we'll tak
»> Okay, we'll take
>» It's all we can spare.
»> Okay, we'll take th
»> Okay, we'll take thes
>» It's all we can spare.
»> Okay, we'll take these
>» Okay, we'll take these
to
to t
>» Okay, we'll take these
to the
to the E
>» Okay, we'll take these
to the Eng
to the Engin
>» Okay, we'll take these
to the Engine.
»>
»> O
to the Engine.
»> Oka
»> Okay.
>» Okay.
»>
»> D
>» Okay.
»> Did
»> Did y
>» Okay.
»> Did you
»> Did you p
>» Okay.
»> Did you pac
»> Did you pack
>» Okay.
»> Did you pack a
»> Did you pack a ba
>» Okay.
»> Did you pack a bag
»> Did you pack a bag al
>» Okay.
»> Did you pack a bag alre
»> Did you pack a bag alread
>» Okay.
»> Did you pack a bag already?
>» Did you pack a bag already?
»>
»> H
>» Did you pack a bag already?
»> Hav
»> Haven
>» Did you pack a bag already?
»> Haven't
»> Haven't h
>» Did you pack a bag already?
»> Haven't had
»> Haven't had t
>» Did you pack a bag already?
»> Haven't had tim
»> Haven't had time.
>» Haven't had time.
»>
»> D
>» Haven't had time.
»> Don
»> Don't
>» Haven't had time.
»> Don't w
»> Don't wor
>» Haven't had time.
»> Don't worry
»> Don't worry a
>» Haven't had time.
»> Don't worry abo
»> Don't worry about
>» Haven't had time.
»> Don't worry about i
»> Don't worry about it.
>» Don't worry about it.
I'
I'm
>» Don't worry about it.
I'm go
I'm gonn
>» Don't worry about it.
I'm gonna
I'm gonna ta
>» Don't worry about it.
I'm gonna take
I'm gonna take t
>» Don't worry about it.
I'm gonna take the
En
Engi
I'm gonna take the
Engine
Engineer
I'm gonna take the
Engineer's
Engineer's s
I'm gonna take the
Engineer's sea
Engineer's seat.
»>
»> W
Engineer's seat.
»> Wer
»> Weren
Engineer's seat.
»> Weren't
»> Weren't y
Engineer's seat.
»> Weren't you
»> Weren't you a
Engineer's seat.
»> Weren't you aga
»> Weren't you again
Engineer's seat.
»> Weren't you against
»> Weren't you against t
Engineer's seat.
»> Weren't you against thi
»> Weren't you against this
>» Weren't you against this
si
sinc
>» Weren't you against this
since
since th
>» Weren't you against this
since the
since the be
>» Weren't you against this
since the begi
since the beginn
>» Weren't you against this
since the beginnin
since the beginning?
»>
»> I
since the beginning?
»> I w
»> I was
since the beginning?
»> I was.
>» I was.
Bu
But
>» I was.
But th
But then
>» I was.
But then I
But then I a
>» I was.
But then I ana
But then I analy
>» I was.
But then I analyze
But then I analyzed
>» I was.
But then I analyzed th
But then I analyzed the
>» I was.
But then I analyzed the da
But then I analyzed the data
Mr
Mr.
But then I analyzed the data
Mr. Sp
Mr. Spri
But then I analyzed the data
Mr. Sprink
Mr. Sprinkle
But then I analyzed the data
Mr. Sprinkles
Mr. Sprinkles co
But then I analyzed the data
Mr. Sprinkles coll
Mr. Sprinkles collec
But then I analyzed the data
Mr. Sprinkles collecte
Mr. Sprinkles collected
But then I analyzed the data
Mr. Sprinkles collected an
Mr. Sprinkles collected and
wh
what
Mr. Sprinkles collected and
what i
what if
Mr. Sprinkles collected and
what if Ne
what if New
Mr. Sprinkles collected and
what if New Ed
what if New Eden
Mr. Sprinkles collected and
what if New Eden i
what if New Eden is
Mr. Sprinkles collected and
what if New Eden is in
a
a se
what if New Eden is in
a seri
a series
what if New Eden is in
a series o
a series of
what if New Eden is in
a series of wa
a series of warm
what if New Eden is in
a series of warm s
a series of warm spo
what if New Eden is in
a series of warm spots
bu
but
a series of warm spots
but bu
but bubb
a series of warm spots
but bubble
but bubbles?
An
And
but bubbles?
And bu
And bubb
but bubbles?
And bubble
And bubbles
but bubbles?
And bubbles bu
And bubbles burs
but bubbles?
And bubbles burst.
»>
»> Y
And bubbles burst.
»> You
»> You t
And bubbles burst.
»> You thi
»> You think
And bubbles burst.
»> You think t
»> You think thi
And bubbles burst.
»> You think this
»> You think this is
And bubbles burst.
»> You think this is t
»> You think this is tem
And bubbles burst.
»> You think this is tempo
»> You think this is tempora
And bubbles burst.
»> You think this is temporary
»> You think this is temporary?
>» You think this is temporary?
»>
»> I
>» You think this is temporary?
»> I d
»> I don
>» You think this is temporary?
»> I don't
»> I don't h
>» You think this is temporary?
»> I don't hav
»> I don't have
>» You think this is temporary?
»> I don't have th
»> I don't have the
>» You think this is temporary?
»> I don't have the an
»> I don't have the answ
>» You think this is temporary?
»> I don't have the answer
»> I don't have the answers.
>» I don't have the answers.
Th
They
>» I don't have the answers.
They'r
They're
>» I don't have the answers.
They're no
They're not
>» I don't have the answers.
They're not he
They're not here
>» I don't have the answers.
They're not here.
Bu
But
They're not here.
But ou
But out
They're not here.
But out th
But out ther
They're not here.
But out there,
But out there, y
They're not here.
But out there, you
But out there, you k
They're not here.
But out there, you kno
But out there, you know,
Me
Mela
But out there, you know,
Melani
Melanie'
But out there, you know,
Melanie's
Melanie's th
But out there, you know,
Melanie's the
Melanie's the on
But out there, you know,
Melanie's the one
Melanie's the one wh
But out there, you know,
Melanie's the one who
Melanie's the one who fo
But out there, you know,
Melanie's the one who foun
Melanie's the one who found
th
thes
Melanie's the one who found
these
these wa
Melanie's the one who found
these warm
these warm s
Melanie's the one who found
these warm spo
these warm spots
Melanie's the one who found
these warm spots.
Wh
What
these warm spots.
What e
What els
these warm spots.
What else
What else wo
these warm spots.
What else woul
What else would
these warm spots.
What else would co
What else would comp
these warm spots.
What else would compel
What else would compel h
these warm spots.
What else would compel her
to
to l
What else would compel her
to lea
to leave
What else would compel her
to leave S
to leave Sno
What else would compel her
to leave Snowp
to leave Snowpie
What else would compel her
to leave Snowpierc
to leave Snowpiercer
What else would compel her
to leave Snowpiercer?
».
». O
to leave Snowpiercer?
». Oka
». Okay,
to leave Snowpiercer?
». Okay, I
». Okay, I,
to leave Snowpiercer?
». Okay, I, I,
». Okay, I, I, I
to leave Snowpiercer?
». Okay, I, I, I h
». Okay, I, I, I hop
to leave Snowpiercer?
». Okay, I, I, I hope
>. Okay, I, I, I hope
yo
you'
>. Okay, I, I, I hope
you're
you're w
>. Okay, I, I, I hope
you're wro
you're wrong
>. Okay, I, I, I hope
you're wrong.
».
». Y
you're wrong.
». Yea
». Yeah,
you're wrong.
». Yeah, m
». Yeah, me
you're wrong.
». Yeah, me to
». Yeah, me too.
♪
He
Hey,
Hey, I
Hey, I h
Hey, I hea
Hey, I heard
Hey, I heard t
Hey, I heard tha
Hey, I heard that
Hey, I heard that yo
Hey, I heard that you
Hey, I heard that you gu
Hey, I heard that you guys
we
were
Hey, I heard that you guys
were l
were loo
Hey, I heard that you guys
were looki
were looking
Hey, I heard that you guys
were looking f
were looking for
Hey, I heard that you guys
were looking for a
were looking for an
Hey, I heard that you guys
were looking for an En
were looking for an Engi
Hey, I heard that you guys
were looking for an Engine
were looking for an Engineer
Hey, I heard that you guys
were looking for an Engineer.
I
I wa
were looking for an Engineer.
I was
I was ho
were looking for an Engineer.
I was hopi
I was hoping
were looking for an Engineer.
I was hoping t
I was hoping tha
were looking for an Engineer.
I was hoping that
I was hoping that co
were looking for an Engineer.
I was hoping that coul
I was hoping that could
were looking for an Engineer.
I was hoping that could be
I was hoping that could be m
were looking for an Engineer.
I was hoping that could be me.
»>
»> Y
I was hoping that could be me.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
I was hoping that could be me.
»> Yeah, o
»> Yeah, of
I was hoping that could be me.
»> Yeah, of co
»> Yeah, of cour
I was hoping that could be me.
»> Yeah, of course
»> Yeah, of course.
>» Yeah, of course.
Ha
Happ
>» Yeah, of course.
Happy
Happy to
>» Yeah, of course.
Happy to h
Happy to hav
>» Yeah, of course.
Happy to have
Happy to have yo
>» Yeah, of course.
Happy to have you.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» Yo
>» Yo La
>» Yo Layt
>» Yo Layton
>» Yo Layton,
we
we g
>» Yo Layton,
we get
we getti
>» Yo Layton,
we getting
we getting a
>» Yo Layton,
we getting a T
we getting a Tai
>» Yo Layton,
we getting a Taili
we getting a Tailie
>» Yo Layton,
we getting a Tailie se
we getting a Tailie send
>» Yo Layton,
we getting a Tailie send o
we getting a Tailie send off
>» Yo Layton,
we getting a Tailie send off?
»>
»> N
we getting a Tailie send off?
»> No,
»> No, t
we getting a Tailie send off?
»> No, thi
»> No, this
we getting a Tailie send off?
»> No, this ai
»> No, this ain'
we getting a Tailie send off?
»> No, this ain't
»> No, this ain't no
we getting a Tailie send off?
»> No, this ain't no s
»> No, this ain't no sen
we getting a Tailie send off?
»> No, this ain't no send
»> No, this ain't no send of
we getting a Tailie send off?
»> No, this ain't no send off,
>» No, this ain't no send off,
ma
man.
>» No, this ain't no send off,
man. W
man. We
>» No, this ain't no send off,
man. We co
man. We comi
>» No, this ain't no send off,
man. We coming
man. We coming w
>» No, this ain't no send off,
man. We coming wit
man. We coming with
>» No, this ain't no send off,
man. We coming with yo
man. We coming with you.
Ta
Tail
man. We coming with you.
Tailie
Tailies
man. We coming with you.
Tailies st
Tailies stic
man. We coming with you.
Tailies stick
Tailies stick to
man. We coming with you.
Tailies stick toge
Tailies stick togeth
man. We coming with you.
Tailies stick together
Tailies stick together.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton.
>» Layton...
»>
»> T
>» Layton...
»> Tha
»> Thank
>» Layton...
»> Thank y
»> Thank you
>» Layton...
»> Thank you,
»> Thank you, my
>» Layton...
»> Thank you, my f
»> Thank you, my fri
>» Layton...
»> Thank you, my frien
»> Thank you, my friend.
>» Thank you, my friend.
»>
»> N
>» Thank you, my friend.
»> No,
»> No, n
>» Thank you, my friend.
»> No, no
»> No, no ne
>» Thank you, my friend.
»> No, no need
»> No, no need f
>» Thank you, my friend.
»> No, no need for
»> No, no need for t
>» Thank you, my friend.
»> No, no need for tha
»> No, no need for that.
>» No, no need for that.
Go
Good
>» No, no need for that.
Good l
Good luc
>» No, no need for that.
Good luck.
»>
»> A
Good luck.
»> And
»> Andre
Good luck.
»> Andre,
»> Andre, I'
Good luck.
»> Andre, I'm
»> Andre, I'm go
Good luck.
»> Andre, I'm goin
»> Andre, I'm going
Good luck.
»> Andre, I'm going to
»> Andre, I'm going to h
Good luck.
»> Andre, I'm going to hol
»> Andre, I'm going to hold
Good luck.
»> Andre, I'm going to hold do
»> Andre, I'm going to hold down
>» Andre, I'm going to hold down
th
the
>» Andre, I'm going to hold down
the fo
the fort
>» Andre, I'm going to hold down
the fort w
the fort whi
>» Andre, I'm going to hold down
the fort while
the fort while y
>» Andre, I'm going to hold down
the fort while you
the fort while you g
>» Andre, I'm going to hold down
the fort while you go
ra
rais
the fort while you go
raise
raise he
the fort while you go
raise hell
raise hell.
Ge
Get
raise hell.
Get yo
Get your
raise hell.
Get your g
Get your gir
raise hell.
Get your girl
Get your girl ba
raise hell.
Get your girl back
Get your girl back.
»>
»> W
Get your girl back.
»> Wha
»> Whate
Get your girl back.
»> Whateve
»> Whatever
Get your girl back.
»> Whatever it
»> Whatever it t
Get your girl back.
»> Whatever it tak
»> Whatever it takes
Get your girl back.
»> Whatever it takes.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wai
>» Wait
>» Wait a
>» Wait a mo
>» Wait a mome
>» Wait a moment
>» Wait a moment.
It
It's
>» Wait a moment.
It's m
It's my
>» Wait a moment.
It's my jo
It's my job
>» Wait a moment.
It's my job to
It's my job to m
>» Wait a moment.
It's my job to mak
It's my job to make
>» Wait a moment.
It's my job to make su
It's my job to make sure
>» Wait a moment.
It's my job to make sure t
It's my job to make sure the
en
engi
It's my job to make sure the
engine
engine g
It's my job to make sure the
engine get
engine gets
It's my job to make sure the
engine gets ba
engine gets back
It's my job to make sure the
engine gets back t
engine gets back to
It's my job to make sure the
engine gets back to Ne
engine gets back to New
It's my job to make sure the
engine gets back to New Ed
engine gets back to New Eden
in
in t
engine gets back to New Eden
in tim
in time.
So
So I
in time.
So I'l
So I'll
in time.
So I'll be
So I'll be c
in time.
So I'll be com
So I'll be comin
in time.
So I'll be coming
So I'll be coming wi
in time.
So I'll be coming with
So I'll be coming with y
in time.
So I'll be coming with you
So I'll be coming with you.
♪
Yo
You'
You'll
You'll b
You'll be
You'll be in
You'll be in c
You'll be in cha
You'll be in charg
You'll be in charge
wh
whil
You'll be in charge
while
while I'
You'll be in charge
while I'm
while I'm go
You'll be in charge
while I'm gone
while I'm gone,
You'll be in charge
while I'm gone, Mr
while I'm gone, Mr.
You'll be in charge
while I'm gone, Mr. Ro
while I'm gone, Mr. Roch
You'll be in charge
while I'm gone, Mr. Roche?
»>
»> Y
while I'm gone, Mr. Roche?
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
We
We'l
>» Yeah.
We'll
We'll ho
>» Yeah.
We'll hold
We'll hold i
>» Yeah.
We'll hold it
We'll hold it do
>» Yeah.
We'll hold it down
We'll hold it down.
♪
>» Welcome aboard then.
>»
>» A
>» All
>» All g
>» All goo
>» All good.
»>
»> J
>» All good.
»> Jus
»> Just
>» All good.
»> Just a
»> Just a mi
>» All good.
»> Just a minu
»> Just a minute
>» All good.
»> Just a minute.
>»
>» T
>» The
>» The A
>» The Adm
>» The Admir
>» The Admiral
>» The Admiral p
>» The Admiral pro
>» The Admiral proba
>» The Admiral probabl
>» The Admiral probably
>» The Admiral probably ha
>» The Admiral probably had
>» The Admiral probably had on
>» The Admiral probably had one
of
of h
>» The Admiral probably had one
of his
of his w
>» The Admiral probably had one
of his wei
of his weird
>» The Admiral probably had one
of his weird a
of his weird ani
>» The Admiral probably had one
of his weird anima
of his weird animal
>» The Admiral probably had one
of his weird animal gu
of his weird animal guys
wi
with
of his weird animal guys
with h
with him
of his weird animal guys
with him.
Th
The
with him.
The wa
The way
with him.
The way th
The way they
with him.
The way they'r
The way they're
with him.
The way they're wi
The way they're wire
with him.
The way they're wired
The way they're wired up
with him.
The way they're wired up,
ar
aren
The way they're wired up,
aren't
aren't t
The way they're wired up,
aren't the
aren't they
The way they're wired up,
aren't they im
aren't they immu
The way they're wired up,
aren't they immune
aren't they immune?
»>
»> N
aren't they immune?
»> Not
»> Not a
aren't they immune?
»> Not at
»> Not at th
aren't they immune?
»> Not at the
»> Not at the do
aren't they immune?
»> Not at the dose
>» Not at the dose
we
we'r
>» Not at the dose
we're
we're go
>» Not at the dose
we're goin
we're going
>» Not at the dose
we're going to
we're going to g
>» Not at the dose
we're going to giv
we're going to give
>» Not at the dose
we're going to give th
we're going to give them
>» Not at the dose
we're going to give them.
»>
»> I
we're going to give them.
»> I w
»> I wan
we're going to give them.
»> I want
»> I want to
we're going to give them.
»> I want to k
»> I want to kno
we're going to give them.
»> I want to know
>» I want to know
wh
what
>» I want to know
what's
what's t
>» I want to know
what's tak
what's takin
>» I want to know
what's taking
what's taking so
>» I want to know
what's taking so l
what's taking so lon
>» I want to know
what's taking so long.
I
I th
what's taking so long.
I thou
I though
what's taking so long.
I thought
I thought th
what's taking so long.
I thought the
I thought the en
what's taking so long.
I thought the engi
I thought the engine
what's taking so long.
I thought the engineer
I thought the engineer k
what's taking so long.
I thought the engineer kne
I thought the engineer knew
th
the
I thought the engineer knew
the tr
the trai
I thought the engineer knew
the train
the train in
I thought the engineer knew
the train insi
the train inside
I thought the engineer knew
the train inside a
the train inside and
I thought the engineer knew
the train inside and o
the train inside and out
I thought the engineer knew
the train inside and out.
»>
»> Y
the train inside and out.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
the train inside and out.
»> Yeah, h
»> Yeah, he
the train inside and out.
»> Yeah, he sh
»> Yeah, he shou
the train inside and out.
»> Yeah, he should
»> Yeah, he should b
the train inside and out.
»> Yeah, he should be
»> Yeah, he should be fi
the train inside and out.
»> Yeah, he should be fini
»> Yeah, he should be finish
the train inside and out.
»> Yeah, he should be finished
»> Yeah, he should be finished.
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»>
»> W
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»> We
»> We di
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»> We didn
»> We didn't
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»> We didn't c
»> We didn't cal
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»> We didn't call
»> We didn't call yo
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»> We didn't call you
»> We didn't call you do
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»> We didn't call you down
»> We didn't call you down h
>» Yeah, he should be finished.
»> We didn't call you down her
»> We didn't call you down here,
>» We didn't call you down here,
we
we'r
>» We didn't call you down here,
we're
we're st
>» We didn't call you down here,
we're stil
we're still
>» We didn't call you down here,
we're still wo
we're still work
>» We didn't call you down here,
we're still workin
we're still working.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wha
>» What'
>» What's
>» What's th
>» What's the
>» What's the pr
>» What's the prob
>» What's the proble
>» What's the problem?
»>
»> I
>» What's the problem?
»> It'
»> It's
>» What's the problem?
»> It's tr
»> It's tras
>» What's the problem?
»> It's trash,
»> It's trash, b
>» What's the problem?
»> It's trash, box
»> It's trash, box i
>» What's the problem?
»> It's trash, box is
»> It's trash, box is fa
>» What's the problem?
»> It's trash, box is faul
»> It's trash, box is faulty
>» What's the problem?
»> It's trash, box is faulty.
>» It's trash, box is faulty.
We
We n
>» It's trash, box is faulty.
We nee
We need
>» It's trash, box is faulty.
We need mo
We need more
>» It's trash, box is faulty.
We need more t
We need more tim
>» It's trash, box is faulty.
We need more time
to
to s
We need more time
to sor
to sort
We need more time
to sort it
to sort it o
We need more time
to sort it out
to sort it out.
»>
»> Y
to sort it out.
»> Yea
»> Yeah?
>» Yeah?
We
Well
>» Yeah?
Well y
Well you
>» Yeah?
Well you'r
Well you're
>» Yeah?
Well you're no
Well you're not
>» Yeah?
Well you're not ge
Well you're not gett
>» Yeah?
Well you're not gettin
Well you're not getting
>» Yeah?
Well you're not getting an
Well you're not getting any.
We
We'r
Well you're not getting any.
We're
We're on
Well you're not getting any.
We're on a
We're on a c
Well you're not getting any.
We're on a clo
We're on a clock
Well you're not getting any.
We're on a clock h
We're on a clock her
Well you're not getting any.
We're on a clock here.
»>
»> D
We're on a clock here.
»> Doc
»> Doc,
We're on a clock here.
»> Doc, th
»> Doc, the
We're on a clock here.
»> Doc, the pr
»> Doc, the prob
We're on a clock here.
»> Doc, the proble
»> Doc, the problem'
We're on a clock here.
»> Doc, the problem's
>» Doc, the problem's
do
down
>» Doc, the problem's
down h
down her
>» Doc, the problem's
down here.
(Indistinct background chatter)
>»
>» A
>» Adm
>» Admir
>» Admiral
>» Admiral?
We
We h
>» Admiral?
We hav
We have
>» Admiral?
We have to
We have to g
>» Admiral?
We have to get
We have to get o
>» Admiral?
We have to get out
We have to get out.
No
Now.
We have to get out.
Now. N
Now. Now
We have to get out.
Now. Now!
(G
(Gru
Now. Now!
(Grunt
(Grunts)
»>
»> G
(Grunts)
»> Go,
»> Go, g
(Grunts)
»> Go, go!
>» Go, go!
(G
(Gru
>» Go, go!
(Grunt
(Grunts)
(T
(Ten
(Grunts)
(Tense
(Tense m
(Grunts)
(Tense mus
(Tense music
(Grunts)
(Tense music)
»>
»> L
(Tense music)
»> Let
»> Let m
(Tense music)
»> Let me
»> Let me go
(Tense music)
»> Let me go,
»> Let me go, le
(Tense music)
»> Let me go, let
»> Let me go, let me
(Tense music)
»> Let me go, let me g
»> Let me go, let me go.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Thi
>» This
>» This is
>» This is f
>» This is for
>» This is for A
>» This is for Aud
>» This is for Audre
>» This is for Audrey.
»>
»> S
>» This is for Audrey.
»> She
»> She m
>» This is for Audrey.
»> She mad
»> She made
>» This is for Audrey.
»> She made it
»> She made it t
>» This is for Audrey.
»> She made it to
»> She made it to Ne
>» This is for Audrey.
»> She made it to New
»> She made it to New Ed
>» This is for Audrey.
»> She made it to New Eden
»> She made it to New Eden.
>» She made it to New Eden.
»>
»> T
>» She made it to New Eden.
»> Til
»> Till!
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
>» Till: (Groans) Oh shit.
>»
>» B
>» Ben
>» Ben:
>» Ben: Ab
>» Ben: Abou
>» Ben: About
>» Ben: About ti
>» Ben: About time
>» Ben: About time y
>» Ben: About time you
>» Ben: About time you w
>» Ben: About time you wok
>» Ben: About time you woke
>» Ben: About time you woke up
>» Ben: About time you woke up.
»>
»> T
>» Ben: About time you woke up.
»> Til
»> Till:
>» Ben: About time you woke up.
»> Till: B
»> Till: Ben
>» Ben: About time you woke up.
»> Till: Ben?
>» Till: Ben?
»>
»> B
>» Till: Ben?
»> Ben
»> Ben:
>» Till: Ben?
»> Ben: Wh
»> Ben: What
>» Till: Ben?
»> Ben: What w
»> Ben: What wer
>» Till: Ben?
»> Ben: What were
»> Ben: What were yo
>» Till: Ben?
»> Ben: What were you
»> Ben: What were you th
>» Till: Ben?
»> Ben: What were you thin
»> Ben: What were you thinki
>» Till: Ben?
»> Ben: What were you thinking
>» Ben: What were you thinking
in
in t
>» Ben: What were you thinking
in the
in there
>» Ben: What were you thinking
in there?
»>
»> T
in there?
»> Til
»> Till:
in there?
»> Till: U
»> Till: Uh.
in there?
»> Till: Uh...
>» Till: Uh...
Ju
Just
>» Till: Uh...
Just w
Just wan
>» Till: Uh...
Just wante
Just wanted
>» Till: Uh...
Just wanted to
Just wanted to k
>» Till: Uh...
Just wanted to kil
Just wanted to kill
>» Till: Uh...
Just wanted to kill hi
Just wanted to kill him.
»>
»> B
Just wanted to kill him.
»> Ben
»> Ben:
Just wanted to kill him.
»> Ben: Yo
»> Ben: You'
Just wanted to kill him.
»> Ben: You're
»> Ben: You're l
Just wanted to kill him.
»> Ben: You're luc
»> Ben: You're lucky
Just wanted to kill him.
»> Ben: You're lucky w
»> Ben: You're lucky was
Just wanted to kill him.
»> Ben: You're lucky was j
»> Ben: You're lucky was jus
Just wanted to kill him.
»> Ben: You're lucky was just
»> Ben: You're lucky was just an
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
an
anae
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
anaest
anaesthe
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
anaestheti
anaesthetic
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
anaesthetic an
anaesthetic and
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
anaesthetic and no
anaesthetic and noth
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
anaesthetic and nothin
anaesthetic and nothing
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
anaesthetic and nothing wo
anaesthetic and nothing wors
>» Ben: You're lucky was just an
anaesthetic and nothing worse.
»>
»> T
anaesthetic and nothing worse.
»> Til
»> Till:
anaesthetic and nothing worse.
»> Till: I
»> Till: It
anaesthetic and nothing worse.
»> Till: It wa
»> Till: It was
anaesthetic and nothing worse.
»> Till: It was wo
»> Till: It was wort
anaesthetic and nothing worse.
»> Till: It was worth
»> Till: It was worth it
anaesthetic and nothing worse.
»> Till: It was worth it.
>» Till: It was worth it.
»>
»> B
>» Till: It was worth it.
»> Ben
»> Ben:
>» Till: It was worth it.
»> Ben: Oh
»> Ben: Oh y
>» Till: It was worth it.
»> Ben: Oh yea
»> Ben: Oh yeah?
>» Ben: Oh yeah?
»>
»> T
>» Ben: Oh yeah?
»> Til
»> Till:
>» Ben: Oh yeah?
»> Till: N
»> Till: Nim
>» Ben: Oh yeah?
»> Till: Nima
»> Till: Nima to
>» Ben: Oh yeah?
»> Till: Nima told
»> Till: Nima told m
>» Ben: Oh yeah?
»> Till: Nima told me
>» Till: Nima told me
Au
Audr
>» Till: Nima told me
Audrey
Audrey m
>» Till: Nima told me
Audrey mad
Audrey made
>» Till: Nima told me
Audrey made it
Audrey made it t
>» Till: Nima told me
Audrey made it to
Audrey made it to Ne
>» Till: Nima told me
Audrey made it to New
Audrey made it to New Ed
>» Till: Nima told me
Audrey made it to New Eden
Audrey made it to New Eden.
Sh
She
Audrey made it to New Eden.
She ma
She made
Audrey made it to New Eden.
She made i
She made it,
Audrey made it to New Eden.
She made it, B
She made it, Ben
Audrey made it to New Eden.
She made it, Ben.
»>
»> B
She made it, Ben.
»> Ben
»> Ben:
She made it, Ben.
»> Ben: (C
»> Ben: (Chu
She made it, Ben.
»> Ben: (Chuck
»> Ben: (Chuckle
She made it, Ben.
»> Ben: (Chuckles)
»> Ben: (Chuckles) T
She made it, Ben.
»> Ben: (Chuckles) Tha
»> Ben: (Chuckles) That'
She made it, Ben.
»> Ben: (Chuckles) That's
»> Ben: (Chuckles) That's wh
She made it, Ben.
»> Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I'
I've
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I've b
I've bee
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I've been
I've been wo
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I've been work
I've been workin
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I've been working
I've been working he
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I've been working her
I've been working her so
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I've been working her so h
I've been working her so har
>» Ben: (Chuckles) That's why
I've been working her so hard,
be
beca
I've been working her so hard,
becaus
because
I've been working her so hard,
because we
because we p
I've been working her so hard,
because we pus
because we pushe
I've been working her so hard,
because we pushed
because we pushed th
I've been working her so hard,
because we pushed thei
because we pushed their
ti
time
because we pushed their
timeli
timeline
because we pushed their
timeline u
timeline up.
»>
»> T
timeline up.
»> Til
»> Till:
timeline up.
»> Till: H
»> Till: Hol
timeline up.
»> Till: Holy
»> Till: Holy sh
timeline up.
»> Till: Holy shit
»> Till: Holy shit,
timeline up.
»> Till: Holy shit, th
»> Till: Holy shit, the
timeline up.
»> Till: Holy shit, the tr
»> Till: Holy shit, the trap
timeline up.
»> Till: Holy shit, the trap,
>» Till: Holy shit, the trap,
it
it w
>» Till: Holy shit, the trap,
it was
it wasn'
>» Till: Holy shit, the trap,
it wasn't
it wasn't fo
>» Till: Holy shit, the trap,
it wasn't for
it wasn't for Sn
>» Till: Holy shit, the trap,
it wasn't for Snow
it wasn't for Snowpi
>» Till: Holy shit, the trap,
it wasn't for Snowpier
it wasn't for Snowpierce
>» Till: Holy shit, the trap,
it wasn't for Snowpiercer.
it wasn't for Snowpiercer...
»>
»> B
it wasn't for Snowpiercer...
»> Ben
»> Ben:
it wasn't for Snowpiercer...
»> Ben: No
»> Ben: No.
>» Ben: No.
»>
»> T
>» Ben: No.
»> Til
»> Till:
>» Ben: No.
»> Till: I
»> Till: It'
>» Ben: No.
»> Till: It's
»> Till: It's fo
>» Ben: No.
»> Till: It's for
»> Till: It's for Bi
>» Ben: No.
»> Till: It's for Big
»> Till: It's for Big Al
>» Ben: No.
»> Till: It's for Big Alic
»> Till: It's for Big Alice.
♪
(Squeaking)
>»
>» N
>» Nim
>» Nima:
>» Nima: W
>» Nima: Wha
>» Nima: What
>» Nima: What th
>» Nima: What the
>» Nima: What the he
>» Nima: What the hell
ar
are
>» Nima: What the hell
are yo
are you
>» Nima: What the hell
are you do
are you doin
>» Nima: What the hell
are you doing?
»>
»> A
are you doing?
»> Adm
»> Admir
are you doing?
»> Admiral
»> Admiral M
are you doing?
»> Admiral Mil
»> Admiral Miliu
are you doing?
»> Admiral Milius:
»> Admiral Milius: Y
are you doing?
»> Admiral Milius: You
»> Admiral Milius: You k
are you doing?
»> Admiral Milius: You kno
»> Admiral Milius: You know
are you doing?
»> Admiral Milius: You know wh
»> Admiral Milius: You know what
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
th
they
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
they s
they say
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
they say,
they say, if
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
they say, if y
they say, if you
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
they say, if you w
they say, if you wan
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
they say, if you want
they say, if you want th
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
they say, if you want the
they say, if you want the jo
>» Admiral Milius: You know what
they say, if you want the job
do
done
they say, if you want the job
done r
done rig
they say, if you want the job
done right
done right..
they say, if you want the job
done right...
»>
»> N
done right...
»> Nim
»> Nima:
done right...
»> Nima: Y
»> Nima: You
done right...
»> Nima: You s
»> Nima: You saw
done right...
»> Nima: You saw w
»> Nima: You saw wha
done right...
»> Nima: You saw what
»> Nima: You saw what Ge
done right...
»> Nima: You saw what Gemi
»> Nima: You saw what Gemini
done right...
»> Nima: You saw what Gemini d
»> Nima: You saw what Gemini did
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to
to y
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to you
to your
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to your ma
to your man,
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to your man, w
to your man, we
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to your man, we ca
to your man, we can'
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to your man, we can't
to your man, we can't us
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to your man, we can't use
to your man, we can't use th
>» Nima: You saw what Gemini did
to your man, we can't use that
va
vari
to your man, we can't use that
varian
variant
to your man, we can't use that
variant on
variant on t
to your man, we can't use that
variant on the
variant on them.
»>
»> A
variant on them.
»> Adm
»> Admir
variant on them.
»> Admiral
»> Admiral M
variant on them.
»> Admiral Mil
»> Admiral Miliu
variant on them.
»> Admiral Milius:
»> Admiral Milius: W
variant on them.
»> Admiral Milius: We
»> Admiral Milius: We tr
variant on them.
»> Admiral Milius: We trie
»> Admiral Milius: We tried
variant on them.
»> Admiral Milius: We tried it
>» Admiral Milius: We tried it
yo
your
>» Admiral Milius: We tried it
your w
your way
>» Admiral Milius: We tried it
your way.
Yo
Your
your way.
Your k
Your kno
your way.
Your knock
Your knockou
your way.
Your knockout
Your knockout ga
your way.
Your knockout gas
wa
was
Your knockout gas
was ba
was bare
Your knockout gas
was barely
was barely a
Your knockout gas
was barely a d
was barely a det
Your knockout gas
was barely a deter
was barely a deterre
Your knockout gas
was barely a deterrent
was barely a deterrent.
It
It's
was barely a deterrent.
It's t
It's tim
was barely a deterrent.
It's time
It's time fo
was barely a deterrent.
It's time for
It's time for th
was barely a deterrent.
It's time for the
It's time for the gl
was barely a deterrent.
It's time for the glov
It's time for the gloves
to
to c
It's time for the gloves
to com
to come
It's time for the gloves
to come of
to come off.
»>
»> N
to come off.
»> Nim
»> Nima:
to come off.
»> Nima: W
»> Nima: We
to come off.
»> Nima: We pr
»> Nima: We prom
to come off.
»> Nima: We promis
»> Nima: We promised
to come off.
»> Nima: We promised M
»> Nima: We promised Mel
>» Nima: We promised Mel
no
no o
>» Nima: We promised Mel
no one
no one g
>» Nima: We promised Mel
no one get
no one gets
>» Nima: We promised Mel
no one gets hu
no one gets hurt
>» Nima: We promised Mel
no one gets hurt.
»>
»> A
no one gets hurt.
»> Adm
»> Admir
no one gets hurt.
»> Admiral
»> Admiral M
no one gets hurt.
»> Admiral Mil
»> Admiral Miliu
no one gets hurt.
»> Admiral Milius:
»> Admiral Milius: W
no one gets hurt.
»> Admiral Milius: We?
»> Admiral Milius: We? N
no one gets hurt.
»> Admiral Milius: We? No.
>» Admiral Milius: We? No.
Yo
You
>» Admiral Milius: We? No.
You ma
You made
>» Admiral Milius: We? No.
You made a
You made a p
>» Admiral Milius: We? No.
You made a pro
You made a promi
>» Admiral Milius: We? No.
You made a promise
to
to M
You made a promise
to Mel
to Melan
You made a promise
to Melanie
to Melanie C
You made a promise
to Melanie Cav
to Melanie Cavil
You made a promise
to Melanie Cavill.
I
I ha
to Melanie Cavill.
I have
I have a
to Melanie Cavill.
I have a d
I have a dut
to Melanie Cavill.
I have a duty
I have a duty to
to Melanie Cavill.
I have a duty to u
I have a duty to uph
to Melanie Cavill.
I have a duty to uphol
I have a duty to uphold.
No
Not
I have a duty to uphold.
Not to
Not to a
I have a duty to uphold.
Not to an
Not to an ol
I have a duty to uphold.
Not to an old
Not to an old fr
I have a duty to uphold.
Not to an old frie
Not to an old friend
I have a duty to uphold.
Not to an old friend,
Not to an old friend, no
I have a duty to uphold.
Not to an old friend, not
Not to an old friend, not to
a
a co
Not to an old friend, not to
a coll
a collea
Not to an old friend, not to
a colleagu
a colleague,
Not to an old friend, not to
a colleague, t
a colleague, to
Not to an old friend, not to
a colleague, to th
a colleague, to the
Not to an old friend, not to
a colleague, to the hu
a colleague, to the huma
Not to an old friend, not to
a colleague, to the human
a colleague, to the human ra
Not to an old friend, not to
a colleague, to the human race
a colleague, to the human race.
Yo
You'
a colleague, to the human race.
You're
You're d
a colleague, to the human race.
You're dis
You're dismi
a colleague, to the human race.
You're dismiss
You're dismissed
a colleague, to the human race.
You're dismissed.
»>
»> N
You're dismissed.
»> Nim
»> Nima:
You're dismissed.
»> Nima: Y
»> Nima: You
You're dismissed.
»> Nima: You c
»> Nima: You can
You're dismissed.
»> Nima: You can't
»> Nima: You can't b
You're dismissed.
»> Nima: You can't be
»> Nima: You can't be th
You're dismissed.
»> Nima: You can't be that
»> Nima: You can't be that--
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»>
»> A
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»> Adm
»> Admir
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»> Admiral
»> Admiral M
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»> Admiral Mil
»> Admiral Miliu
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»> Admiral Milius:
»> Admiral Milius: D
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»> Admiral Milius: Dis
»> Admiral Milius: Dismi
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»> Admiral Milius: Dismiss
»> Admiral Milius: Dismissed
>» Nima: You can't be that--
»> Admiral Milius: Dismissed.
>» Admiral Milius: Dismissed.
Le
Let'
>» Admiral Milius: Dismissed.
Let's
Let's go
>» Admiral Milius: Dismissed.
Let's go.
(E
(Eng
Let's go.
(Engin
(Engine
Let's go.
(Engine ru
(Engine rumb
Let's go.
(Engine rumbli
(Engine rumbling
Let's go.
(Engine rumbling)
♪
>»
>» U
>» Upc
>» Upcom
>» Upcomin
>» Upcoming
>» Upcoming br
>» Upcoming brid
>» Upcoming bridge
>» Upcoming bridge,
pr
prep
>» Upcoming bridge,
prepar
prepare
>» Upcoming bridge,
prepare to
prepare to b
>» Upcoming bridge,
prepare to bra
prepare to brace
>» Upcoming bridge,
prepare to brace.
♪
(C
(Clo
(Closi
(Closing
(Closing t
(Closing the
(Closing theme
(Closing theme m
(Closing theme mus
(Closing theme music
(Closing theme music)
♪
(Silence)
(Musical flourish)